NAME
    gcloud alpha anthos config controller delete - delete Anthos Config
        Controller instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha anthos config controller delete (NAME : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete an Anthos Config Controller instance.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an Anthos Config Controller instance, run:

        $ gcloud alpha anthos config controller delete NAME \
            --location=LOCATION

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - The identifier for an Anthos Config Controller
     instance. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. To
          set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The name of the Anthos Config Controller instance location.
          Currently, only us-central1 is supported. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the krmapihosting/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud anthos config controller delete

