NAME
    gcloud alpha biglake iceberg namespaces set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy
        for a BigLake Iceberg REST catalog namespace

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha biglake iceberg namespaces set-iam-policy
        (NAMESPACE : --catalog=CATALOG) POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Sets the IAM policy for a BigLake Iceberg REST catalog namespace.

EXAMPLES
    To set the IAM policy for the catalog my-catalog and namespace my-namespace
    with the policy in policy.json run:

        $ gcloud alpha biglake iceberg namespaces set-iam-policy \
            my-namespace policy.json --catalog=my-catalog

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Namespace resource - The Iceberg Namespace to set the IAM policy for. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument namespace on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAMESPACE
          ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace.

          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument namespace on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --catalog=CATALOG
          The Iceberg Catalog for the resource.

          To set the catalog attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument namespace on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --catalog on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta biglake iceberg namespaces set-iam-policy

