NAME
    gcloud data-catalog taxonomies describe - describe a Policy Tag Taxonomy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud data-catalog taxonomies describe (TAXONOMY : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a Policy Tag Taxonomy.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the Taxonomy 'TAXONOMY' in the location 'LOCATION', run:

        $ gcloud data-catalog taxonomies describe TAXONOMY \
            --location='LOCATION'

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Taxonomy resource - Policy tag taxonomy to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument taxonomy on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       TAXONOMY
          ID of the taxonomy or fully qualified identifier for the taxonomy. To
          set the taxonomy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument taxonomy on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the taxonomy.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument taxonomy on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the datacatalog/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha data-catalog taxonomies describe

        $ gcloud beta data-catalog taxonomies describe

