NAME
    gcloud alpha anthos config operations describe - describe Anthos Config
        Controller operations

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha anthos config operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe an Anthos Config Controller operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an Anthos Config Controller operation named my-operation in the
    location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha anthos config operations describe my-operation \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The identifier for an Anthos Config Controller
     operation. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The name of the Anthos Config Controller instance location.
          Currently, only us-central1, us-east1, northamerica-northeast1,
          northamerica-northeast2, europe-north1, europe-west1, europe-west3,
          australia-southeast1, australia-southeast2, asia-northeast1 and
          asia-northeast2 are supported. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the krmapihosting/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud anthos config operations describe

