NAME
    gcloud alpha immersive-stream xr instances describe - describe a specific
        Immersive Stream for XR service instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha immersive-stream xr instances describe
        (INSTANCE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a specific Immersive Stream for XR service instance.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the service instance, run:

        $ gcloud alpha immersive-stream xr instances describe my-instance

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - The name of the service instance you want to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Global location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the stream/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud immersive-stream xr instances describe

