NAME
    gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments - commands for Deployment
        Manager deployments

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Commands to create, update, delete, and examine deployments of
    resources.

EXAMPLES
    To create a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments create my-deployment \
            --config config.yaml

    To update a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments update my-deployment \
            --config new_config.yaml

    To stop a deployment create or update in progress, run:

        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments stop my-deployment

    To cancel a previewed create or update, run:

        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview \
            my-deployment

    To delete a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments delete my-deployment

    To view the details of a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments describe my-deployment

    To see the list of all deployments, run:

        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments list

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     cancel-preview
        (BETA) Cancel a pending or running deployment preview.

     create
        (BETA) Create a deployment.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete a deployment.

     describe
        (BETA) Provide information about a deployment.

     list
        (BETA) List deployments in a project.

     stop
        (BETA) Stop a pending or running deployment update or creation.

     update
        (BETA) Update a deployment based on a provided config file.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud deployment-manager deployments

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments

