NAME
    gcloud alpha container clusters - deploy and teardown Google Kubernetes
        Engine clusters

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container clusters GROUP | COMMAND
        [--location=LOCATION | --region=REGION | --zone=ZONE, -z ZONE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud container clusters command group lets you deploy and
    teardown Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

    See $ gcloud docker --help for information about deploying docker images to
    clusters.

FLAGS
     At most one of these can be specified:

       --location=LOCATION
          Compute zone or region (e.g. us-central1-a or us-central1) for the
          cluster.

       --region=REGION
          Compute region (e.g. us-central1) for the cluster.

       --zone=ZONE, -z ZONE
          Compute zone (e.g. us-central1-a) for the cluster. Overrides the
          default compute/zone property value for this command invocation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     config
        (ALPHA) Manage Container cluster configurations.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     check-autopilot-compatibility
        (ALPHA) Check autopilot compatibility of a running cluster.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a cluster for running containers.

     create-auto
        (ALPHA) Create an Autopilot cluster for running containers.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete an existing cluster for running containers.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe an existing cluster for running containers.

     get-credentials
        (ALPHA) Fetch credentials for a running cluster.

     list
        (ALPHA) List existing clusters for running containers.

     resize
        (ALPHA) Resizes an existing cluster for running containers.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update cluster settings for an existing container cluster.

     upgrade
        (ALPHA) Upgrade the Kubernetes version of an existing container
        cluster.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container clusters

        $ gcloud beta container clusters

