NAME
    gcloud beta privateca reusable-configs describe - show details about a
        reusable config

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta privateca reusable-configs describe
        (REUSABLE_CONFIG : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Show details about a reusable config.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a reusable config, run:

        $ gcloud beta privateca reusable-configs describe leaf-server-tls

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Reusable config resource - The reusable config to describe. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument REUSABLE_CONFIG on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ project will default to privateca-data.

     This must be specified.

       REUSABLE_CONFIG
          ID of the reusable config or fully qualified identifier for the
          reusable config. To set the reusable_config attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument REUSABLE_CONFIG on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the reusable config. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument REUSABLE_CONFIG on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property privateca/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

