NAME
    gcloud alpha network-services meshes delete - delete a mesh

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-services meshes delete (MESH : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete the specified mesh.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a mesh named 'my-mesh', run:

        $ gcloud alpha network-services meshes delete my-mesh \
            --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Mesh resource - Name of the mesh you want to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument mesh on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MESH
          ID of the mesh or fully qualified identifier for the mesh.

          To set the mesh attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument mesh on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument mesh on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud network-services meshes delete

