NAME
    gcloud beta workstations create - create a workstation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta workstations create
        (WORKSTATION : --cluster=CLUSTER --config=CONFIG --region=REGION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Create a workstation.

EXAMPLES
    To create a workstation, run:

        $ gcloud beta workstations create WORKSTATION

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workstation resource - Arguments and flags that specify the workstation to
     create. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
     of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument workstation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WORKSTATION
          ID of the workstation or fully qualified identifier for the
          workstation. To set the workstation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workstation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --cluster=CLUSTER
          The name of the cluster containing the workstation.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workstation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --cluster on the command line.

       --config=CONFIG
          The name of the config containing the workstation.

          To set the config attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workstation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --config on the command line.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the region of the workstation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workstation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the workstations/v1beta API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/workstations

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha workstations create

