NAME
    gcloud beta scheduler jobs run - trigger an on-demand execution of a job

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta scheduler jobs run (JOB : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Trigger an on-demand execution of a job.

EXAMPLES
    The following command runs a jobs:

        $ gcloud beta scheduler jobs run my-job

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Job resource - The job you want to run. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       JOB
          ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.

          To set the job attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the job. By default, uses the location of the current
          project's App Engine app if there is an associated app.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ defaults to App Engine's app location if not provided & an app
            exists.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudscheduler/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud scheduler jobs run

        $ gcloud alpha scheduler jobs run

