NAME
    gcloud edge-cloud container clusters delete - delete an Edge Container
        cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud edge-cloud container clusters delete (CLUSTER : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete an Edge Container cluster.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a cluster called 'my-cluster' in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud edge-cloud container clusters delete my-cluster \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - Edge Container cluster to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. To
          set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The global location name. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property edge_container/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgecontainer/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/edge-cloud

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud container clusters delete

