NAME
    gcloud beta bigtable clusters delete - delete a bigtable cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta bigtable clusters delete (CLUSTER : --instance=INSTANCE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete a bigtable cluster.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a cluster, run:

        $ gcloud beta bigtable clusters delete my-cluster-id \
            --instance=my-instance-id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - The cluster to delete. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          Bigtable instance for the cluster.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud bigtable clusters delete

        $ gcloud alpha bigtable clusters delete

