NAME
    gcloud compute interconnects attachments partner create - create a Compute
        Engine partner interconnect attachment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute interconnects attachments partner create NAME
        --edge-availability-domain=AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN --router=ROUTER
        [--description=DESCRIPTION] [--enable-admin] [--encryption=ENCRYPTION]
        [--ipsec-internal-addresses=[ADDRESSES]] [--mtu=MTU] [--region=REGION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    gcloud compute interconnects attachments partner create is used to create
    partner interconnect attachments. A partner interconnect attachment binds
    the underlying connectivity of a provider's Interconnect to a path into and
    out of the customer's cloud network.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the interconnect attachment to create.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --edge-availability-domain=AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN
        Desired edge availability domain for this attachment:
        availability-domain-1, availability-domain-2, any.

        In each metro where the Partner can connect to Google, there are two
        sets of redundant hardware. These sets are described as edge
        availability domain 1 and 2. Within a metro, Google will only schedule
        maintenance in one availability domain at a time. This guarantee does
        not apply to availability domains outside the metro; Google may perform
        maintenance in (say) New York availability domain 1 at the same time as
        Chicago availability domain 1.

        AVAILABILITY_DOMAIN must be one of:

         any
            Any Availability Domain
         availability-domain-1
            Edge Availability Domain 1
         availability-domain-2
            Edge Availability Domain 2

     --router=ROUTER
        The Google Cloud Router to use for dynamic routing.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --description=DESCRIPTION
        Human-readable plain-text description of attachment.

     --enable-admin
        Administrative status of the interconnect attachment. If not provided
        on creation, defaults to disabled. When this is enabled, the attachment
        is operational and will carry traffic. Use --no-enable-admin to disable
        it.

     --encryption=ENCRYPTION
        Indicates the user-supplied encryption option for this interconnect
        attachment (VLAN attachment).

        Possible values are:

        NONE - This is the default value, which means the interconnect
        attachment carries unencrypted traffic. VMs can send traffic to or
        receive traffic from such interconnect attachment.

        IPSEC - The interconnect attachment carries only traffic that is
        encrypted by an IPsec device; for example, an HA VPN gateway or
        third-party IPsec VPN. VMs cannot directly send traffic to or receive
        traffic from such an interconnect attachment. To use HA VPN over Cloud
        Interconnect, the interconnect attachment must be created with this
        option.

        ENCRYPTION must be one of: IPSEC, NONE.

     --ipsec-internal-addresses=[ADDRESSES]
        List of IP address range names that have been reserved for the
        interconnect attachment (VLAN attachment). Use this option only for an
        interconnect attachment that has its encryption option set as IPSEC.
        Currently only one internal IP address range can be specified for each
        attachment. When creating an HA VPN gateway for the interconnect
        attachment, if the attachment is configured to use a regional internal
        IP address, then the VPN gateway's IP address is allocated from the IP
        address range specified here. If this field is not specified when
        creating the interconnect attachment, then when creating any HA VPN
        gateways for this interconnect attachment, the HA VPN gateway's IP
        address is allocated from a regional external IP address pool.

     --mtu=MTU
        Maximum transmission unit (MTU) is the size of the largest IP packet
        passing through this interconnect attachment. Only 1440 and 1500 are
        allowed values. If not specified, the value will default to 1440.

     --region=REGION
        Region of the interconnect attachment to create. If not specified, you
        might be prompted to select a region (interactive mode only).

        To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
        compute/region property:

            $ gcloud config set compute/region REGION

        A list of regions can be fetched by running:

            $ gcloud compute regions list

        To unset the property, run:

            $ gcloud config unset compute/region

        Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
        CLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments partner create

        $ gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments partner create

