NAME
    gcloud beta healthcare datasets describe - describe a Cloud Healthcare API
        dataset

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta healthcare datasets describe (DATASET : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the dataset 'test-dataset', run:

        $ gcloud beta healthcare datasets describe test-dataset

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Dataset resource - Cloud Healthcare API dataset to describe. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument dataset on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DATASET
          ID of the dataset or fully qualified identifier for the dataset. To
          set the dataset attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument dataset on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument dataset on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property healthcare/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the healthcare/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud healthcare datasets describe

        $ gcloud alpha healthcare datasets describe

