NAME
    gcloud alpha container fleet - centrally manage features and services on
        all your Kubernetes clusters with fleet

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container fleet GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The command group to register GKE or other Kubernetes clusters
    running in a variety of environments, including Google cloud, on premises
    in customer datacenters, or other third party clouds with fleet. Fleet
    provides a centralized control-plane to managed features and services on
    all registered clusters.

    A registered cluster is always associated with a Membership, a resource
    within fleet.

EXAMPLES
    Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes clusters with
    fleet:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet memberships --help

    Manage Config Management feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet config-management --help

    Manage Multi-cluster Ingress feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet ingress --help

    Manage Multi-cluster Services feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet multi-cluster-services --help

    Manage CloudRun feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet cloudrun --help

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     cloudrun
        (ALPHA) Manage the CloudRun feature.

     config-management
        (ALPHA) Manage Config Management Feature.

     features
        (ALPHA) Manage Hub Feature resources.

     fleetobservability
        (ALPHA) Manage Fleet Observability Feature.

     identity-service
        (ALPHA) Manage Identity Service Feature.

     ingress
        (ALPHA) Manage Multi-cluster Ingress Feature.

     memberships
        (ALPHA) Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes
        clusters with fleets.

     mesh
        (ALPHA) Manage Service Mesh Feature.

     multi-cluster-services
        (ALPHA) Manage Multi-cluster Services Feature.

     namespaces
        (ALPHA) Fleet namespaces are the fleet equivalent of k8s cluster
        namespaces.

     policycontroller
        (ALPHA) Manage Policy Controller Feature.

     scopes
        (ALPHA) Manage scopes of all your GKE fleets.

     service-directory
        (ALPHA) Manage the Service Directory Feature.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet

        $ gcloud beta container fleet

