NAME
    gcloud iap oauth-clients describe - describe a Cloud IAP OAuth client

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iap oauth-clients describe (NAME : --brand=BRAND)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    gcloud iap oauth-clients describe is used to describe a Cloud IAP OAuth
    client. Note this command cannot be used to describe any other type of
    OAuth client in your project.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Cloud IAP OAuth client for the current project, run:

        $ gcloud iap oauth-clients describe NAME

    To describe a Cloud IAP OAuth client for a specific brand, run:

        $ gcloud iap oauth-clients describe NAME --brand=BRAND

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Proxy client resource - Name of the Cloud IAP OAuth client to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the proxy client or fully qualified identifier for the proxy
          client.

          To set the identity_aware_proxy_clients attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --brand=BRAND
          The name of the OAuth brand.

          To set the brand attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --brand on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iap/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients describe

        $ gcloud beta iap oauth-clients describe

