NAME
    gcloud dataproc workflow-templates delete - delete a workflow template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataproc workflow-templates delete (TEMPLATE : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a workflow template.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a workflow template 'my-workflow-template', run:

        $ gcloud dataproc workflow-templates delete my-workflow-template \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Template resource - The name of the workflow template to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TEMPLATE
          ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template.

          To set the template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates delete

        $ gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates delete

