NAME
    gcloud beta redis operations cancel - cancel a Memorystore Redis import or
        export operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta redis operations cancel (OPERATION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Cancel a Memorystore Redis import or export operation.

    An export operation can be canceled at any time. This does not impact the
    data or availability of an instance.

    An import operation can also be canceled. Note that the cancellation will
    result in the instance recovering with a fully flushed cache.

EXAMPLES
    To cancel an operation named my-redis-operation in the default region, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis operations cancel my-redis-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore
     Redis operation you want to cancel. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the operation. Overrides the default
          redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud redis operations cancel

        $ gcloud alpha redis operations cancel

