NAME
    gcloud alpha data-catalog tags delete - delete a Data Catalog entry tag

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha data-catalog tags delete
        (TAG : --entry=ENTRY --entry-group=ENTRY_GROUP --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Data Catalog entry tag.

EXAMPLES
    Delete a Data Catalog entry tag:

        $ gcloud alpha data-catalog tags delete TAG

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tag resource - Entry tag to delete. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument tag on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       TAG
          ID of the tag or fully qualified identifier for the tag.

          To set the tag attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --entry=ENTRY
          Entry of the tag.

          To set the entry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --entry on the command line.

       --entry-group=ENTRY_GROUP
          Entry group of the tag.

          To set the entry-group attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --entry-group on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the tag.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the datacatalog/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud data-catalog tags delete

        $ gcloud beta data-catalog tags delete

