NAME
    gcloud dataplex lakes delete - delete a Dataplex lake resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataplex lakes delete (LAKE : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a Dataplex lake resource.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Dataplex lake test-lake in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud dataplex lakes delete test-lake --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Lake resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex lake you want
     to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument lake on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       LAKE
          ID of the lake or fully qualified identifier for the lake. To set the
          lake attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument lake on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument lake on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex lakes delete

