NAME
    gcloud alpha transfer appliances orders delete - delete transfer appliance
        orders

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha transfer appliances orders delete ORDER [--keep-appliances]
        [--region=REGION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete transfer appliance orders.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an order, run:

        $ gcloud alpha transfer appliances orders delete ORDER

    To delete an order but keep the associated appliance records:

        $ gcloud alpha transfer appliances orders delete ORDER \
            --keep-appliances

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Order resource - The order to delete. This represents a Cloud resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument order on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the region attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument order on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --region on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       ORDER
          ID of the order or fully qualified identifier for the order.

          To set the order attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument order on the command line.

FLAGS
     --keep-appliances
        Keep appliances associated with the order rather than deleting them.

     --region=REGION
        The location affiliated with the appliance order to delete. REGION must
        be one of: us-central1, europe-west1, asia-southeast1.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

