NAME
    gcloud alpha monitoring snoozes describe - describe a snooze

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha monitoring snoozes describe SNOOZE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a snooze.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a snooze, run:

        $ gcloud alpha monitoring snoozes describe MY-SNOOZE

    To describe a snooze in JSON, run:

        $ gcloud alpha monitoring snoozes describe MY-SNOOZE --format=json

    To describe a snooze contained within a specific project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha monitoring snoozes describe MY-SNOOZE \
            --project=MY-PROJECT

    To describe a snooze with a fully qualified snooze ID, run:

        $ gcloud alpha monitoring snoozes describe \
            projects/MY-PROJECT/snoozes/MY-SNOOZE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Snooze resource - Name of the Snooze to be described. This represents a
     Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument snooze on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SNOOZE
          ID of the Snooze or fully qualified identifier for the Snooze.

          To set the snooze attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument snooze on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud monitoring snoozes describe

        $ gcloud beta monitoring snoozes describe

