NAME
    gcloud alpha looker instances describe - show metadata for a Looker
        instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha looker instances describe (INSTANCE : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show metadata for a Looker instance.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The instance specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        instance.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for an instance with the name my-looker-instance in
    the default region, run:

        $ gcloud alpha looker instances describe my-looker-instance

    To display all fields of the instance metadata, add the --format=json flag:

        $ gcloud alpha looker instances describe my-looker-instance \
            --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Looker instance
     you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Looker region of the instance. Overrides the default
          looker/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property looker/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the looker/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/looker/docs/reference/rest/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud looker instances describe

