NAME
    gcloud alpha looker instances import - import a Looker instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha looker instances import (INSTANCE : --region=REGION)
        --source-gcs-uri=SOURCE_GCS_URI [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The instance specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        instance.
      ▪ The Google Cloud Storage bucket does not exist.

EXAMPLES
    To import an instance with the name my-looker-instance in the default
    region, run:

        $ gcloud alpha looker instances import my-looker-instance \
            --source-gcs-uri='gs://bucketName/folderName'

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Looker instance
     you want to import. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The region of the instance.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Import Destination - The path and storage where the import will be
     retrieved from.

     This must be specified.

       --source-gcs-uri=SOURCE_GCS_URI
          The path to the folder in Google Cloud Storage where the import will
          be retrieved from. The URI is in the form gs://bucketName/folderName.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud looker instances import

