NAME
    gcloud alpha dataplex assets delete - delete a Dataplex asset resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataplex assets delete
        (ASSET : --lake=LAKE --location=LOCATION --zone=ZONE) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Dataplex asset resource.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Dataplex asset test-asset within zone test-zone in lake
    test-lake in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex assets delete test-asset \
          --location=us-central1 --lake=test-lake --zone=test-zone

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Asset resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex asset you
     want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument asset on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ASSET
          ID of the asset or fully qualified identifier for the asset.

          To set the asset attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument asset on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --lake=LAKE
          Identifier of the Dataplex lake resource.

          To set the lake attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument asset on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --lake on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument asset on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

       --zone=ZONE
          Identifier of the Dataplex zone resource.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument asset on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud dataplex assets delete

