NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub namespaces rbacrolebindings describe - show
        fleet namespace RBAC RoleBinding information

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub namespaces rbacrolebindings describe
        (NAME : --location=LOCATION --namespace=NAMESPACE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The RoleBinding specified does not exist in the project.
      ▪ The caller does not have permission to access the RoleBinding.

EXAMPLES
    To print metadata for RBAC RoleBinding RBRB in the namespace NAMESPACE,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub namespaces rbacrolebindings describe \
            RBRB --namespace=NAMESPACE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Rbacrolebinding resource - The group of arguments defining an
     RBACRoleBinding. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the rbacrolebinding or fully qualified identifier for the
          rbacrolebinding.

          To set the rbacrolebinding attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location for the rbacrolebinding.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

       --namespace=NAMESPACE
          Name of the rbacrolebinding.

          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --namespace on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta container hub namespaces rbacrolebindings describe

