NAME
    gcloud alpha pam entitlements delete - delete a Privileged Access Manager
        entitlement

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha pam entitlements delete
        (ENTITLEMENT
          : --folder=FOLDER --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Privileged Access Manager (PAM) entitlement along with all
    grants under it.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ There are non-terminal grants under the entitlement.

EXAMPLES
    The following command deletes an entitlement with the full name
    ENTITLEMENT_NAME along with all grants under it:

        $ gcloud alpha pam entitlements delete ENTITLEMENT_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Entitlement resource - Name of the entitlement to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument entitlement on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. This resource can be one of the
        following types:
        [privilegedaccessmanager.projects.locations.entitlements,
        privilegedaccessmanager.folders.locations.entitlements,
        privilegedaccessmanager.organizations.locations.entitlements].

     This must be specified.

       ENTITLEMENT
          ID of the entitlement or fully qualified identifier for the
          entitlement.

          To set the entitlement attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument entitlement on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --folder=FOLDER
          The name of the folder

          To set the folder attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument entitlement on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --folder on the command line. Must be
            specified for resource of type
            [privilegedaccessmanager.folders.locations.entitlements].

       --location=LOCATION
          The resource location

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument entitlement on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The name of the organization

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument entitlement on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line. Must be
            specified for resource of type
            [privilegedaccessmanager.organizations.locations.entitlements].

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the privilegedaccessmanager/v1alpha API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta pam entitlements delete

