NAME
    gcloud beta container hub namespaces rbacrolebindings delete - delete a
        fleet namespace RBAC RoleBinding

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container hub namespaces rbacrolebindings delete
        (NAME : --location=LOCATION --namespace=NAMESPACE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The RoleBinding specified does not exist.
      ▪ The caller does not have permission to access the given RoleBinding.

EXAMPLES
    To delete RBAC RoleBinding RBRB in namespace NAMESPACE in the active
    project:

        $ gcloud beta container hub namespaces rbacrolebindings delete \
            RBRB --namespace=NAMESPACE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Rbacrolebinding resource - The group of arguments defining an
     RBACRoleBinding. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the rbacrolebinding or fully qualified identifier for the
          rbacrolebinding.

          To set the rbacrolebinding attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location for the rbacrolebinding.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

       --namespace=NAMESPACE
          Name of the rbacrolebinding.

          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --namespace on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub namespaces rbacrolebindings delete

