NAME
    gcloud active-directory domains delete - delete a managed Microsoft Active
        Directory domain

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud active-directory domains delete DOMAIN [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a managed Microsoft Active Directory (AD) domain with the given
    fully-qualified domain name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The AD domain specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given AD
        domain.

EXAMPLES
    The following command deletes an AD domain with the name my-domain.com.

        $ gcloud active-directory domains delete my-domain.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Domain resource - Name of the managed Managed Microsoft AD domain you want
     to delete. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
     not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument domain on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       DOMAIN
          ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain. To set
          the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument domain on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains delete

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains delete

