NAME
    gcloud beta compute networks vpc-access operations describe - show metadata
        for a VPC Access Service operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta compute networks vpc-access operations describe
        (OPERATION : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Display all metadata associated with a VPC Access Service operation
    given a valid operation name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The operation specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        operation.

EXAMPLES
    The following command prints metadata for an operation with the name in
    region us-central1:

        $ gcloud beta compute networks vpc-access operations describe \
            operation-1564112342235-435a134f8c3f8-81bb4b49-0830c1f8 \
            --region=us-central

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The operation to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Compute region (e.g. us-central1) for the connector.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the vpcaccess/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure-serverless-vpc-access

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud compute networks vpc-access operations describe

