NAME
    gcloud beta container fleet identity-service delete - delete a resource
        from the Identity Service Feature

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container fleet identity-service delete
        [--fleet-default-member-config]
        [--membership=MEMBERSHIP : --location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Deletes a resource from the Identity Service Feature.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the Identity Service configuration from a membership, run:

        $ gcloud beta container fleet identity-service delete \
            --membership=MEMBERSHIP_NAME

    To delete the fleet-level default membership configuration, run:

        $ gcloud beta container fleet identity-service delete \
            --fleet-default-member-config

FLAGS
     --fleet-default-member-config
        If specified, deletes the default membership configuration present in
        your fleet.

            To delete the default membership configuration present in your
            fleet, run:

            $ gcloud beta container fleet identity-service delete \
            --fleet-default-member-config

     Membership resource - The group of arguments defining a membership. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --membership=MEMBERSHIP
          ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the
          membership.

          To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location for the membership.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet identity-service delete

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet identity-service delete

