NAME
    gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies export - export an autoscaling
        policy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies export
        (AUTOSCALING_POLICY : --region=REGION) [--destination=DESTINATION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Exporting an autoscaling policy is similar to describing one,
    except that export omits output only fields, such as the policy id and
    resource name. This is to allow piping the output of export directly into
    import, which requires that output only fields are omitted.

EXAMPLES
    The following command saves the contents of autoscaling policy
    example-autoscaling-policy to a file so that it can be imported later:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies export \
            example-autoscaling-policy --destination=saved-policy.yaml

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Autoscaling policy resource - The autoscaling policy to export. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument autoscaling_policy on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       AUTOSCALING_POLICY
          ID of the autoscaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the
          autoscaling policy. To set the autoscaling_policy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument autoscaling_policy on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the autoscaling policy. Each Dataproc region
          constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
          deploying instances into Compute Engine zones inside the region.
          Overrides the default dataproc/region property value for this command
          invocation. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument autoscaling_policy on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

FLAGS
     --destination=DESTINATION
        Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported.
        Alternatively, you may omit this flag to write to standard output.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc autoscaling-policies export

        $ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling-policies export

