NAME
    gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies - create and manage Dataproc
        autoscaling policies

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Create and manage Dataproc autoscaling policies.

EXAMPLES
    To see the list of all autoscaling policies, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies list

    To view the details of an autoscaling policy, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies describe my_policy

    To view just the non-output only fields of an autoscaling policy, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies export my_policy \
            --destination policy-file.yaml

    To create or update an autoscaling policy, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies import my_policy \
            --source policy-file.yaml

    To delete an autoscaling policy, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies delete my_policy

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete an autoscaling policy.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe an autoscaling policy.

     export
        (ALPHA) Export an autoscaling policy.

     get-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get IAM policy for an autoscaling policy.

     import
        (ALPHA) Import an autoscaling policy.

     list
        (ALPHA) List autoscaling policies.

     set-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Set IAM policy for an autoscaling policy.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc autoscaling-policies

        $ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling-policies

