NAME
    gcloud beta beyondcorp app operations describe - describe a Beyondcorp
        Appconnector operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta beyondcorp app operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Beyondcorp Appconnector operation given a valid operation
    name.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes an operation called
    operation-1484002552235-425b144f8c3f8-81aa4b49-0830d1e9:

        $ gcloud beta beyondcorp app operations describe \
            --location=us-central1 \
            operation-1484002552235-425b144f8c3f8-81aa4b49-0830d1e9

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Name of the AppConnector operation you want to
     describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the beyondcorp service.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the beyondcorp/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha beyondcorp app operations describe

