NAME
    gcloud alpha dataplex datascans jobs describe - describe a Dataplex
        datascan job

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataplex datascans jobs describe
        (JOB : --datascan=DATASCAN --location=LOCATION) [--view=VIEW]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Dataplex datascan job.

    Displays all details of a Dataplex job given a valid job ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataplex job test-job running a datascan test-datascan in
    location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex datascans jobs describe test-job \
            --location=us-central1 --datascan=test-datascan

    To describe the details of Dataplex job test-job running a datascan
    test-datascan in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex datascans jobs describe test-job \
            --location=us-central1 --datascan=test-datascan --view=FULL

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Job resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex Job running a
     particular Datascan you want to retrieve. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       JOB
          ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.

          To set the job attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --datascan=DATASCAN
          Datascan ID of the Dataplex datascan resource.

          To set the datascan attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --datascan on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

FLAGS
     --view=VIEW
        Displays spec and result data based on the argument value. The default
        view is 'basic'. VIEW must be one of:

         basic
            Does not include spec and result data in response.

         full
            Includes spec and result data in response.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud dataplex datascans jobs describe

