NAME
    gcloud apphub discovered-services describe - describe an Apphub discovered
        service

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud apphub discovered-services describe
        (DISCOVERED_SERVICE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Apphub discovered service.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the DiscoveredService my-discovered-service in location
    us-east1, run:

        $ gcloud apphub discovered-services describe my-discovered-service \
            --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     DiscoveredService resource - The Discovered Service ID. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument discovered_service on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DISCOVERED_SERVICE
          ID of the discoveredService or fully qualified identifier for the
          discoveredService.

          To set the discovered_service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument discovered_service on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the discoveredService.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument discovered_service on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha apphub discovered-services describe

