NAME
    gcloud alpha looker backups describe - show metadata of a backup for a
        Looker instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha looker backups describe
        (BACKUP : --instance=INSTANCE --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show metadata of a backup for a Looker instance.

    Displays all metadata associated with a backup of a Looker instance given a
    valid backup and instance name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The instance specified does not exist.
      ▪ The backup specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        instance and backups.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for a backup with id of
    c24ad631-ad83-42f0-9f98-41e2b493263e on instance with name
    my-looker-instance, and in the region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha looker backups describe \
            c24ad631-ad83-42f0-9f98-41e2b493263e \
            --instance='my-looker-instance' --region='us-central1'

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup resource - The instance of the backup to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP
          ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup.

          To set the backup attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          The name of the Looker instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Looker region of the backup. Overrides the default
          looker/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property looker/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the looker/v1alpha2 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/looker/docs/reference/rest/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud looker backups describe

