NAME
    gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed - read and manipulate Compute
        Engine managed instance groups

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed GROUP | COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine managed instance groups.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     all-instances-config
        (BETA) Override instance template settings for all instances in a
        managed instance group.

     instance-configs
        (BETA) Manage instance-specific settings in a managed instance group.

     rolling-action
        (BETA) Manipulate rolling actions on Compute Engine managed instance
        groups.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     abandon-instances
        (BETA) Abandon instances owned by a managed instance group.

     create
        (BETA) Create a Compute Engine managed instance group.

     create-instance
        (BETA) Create a new virtual machine instance in a managed instance
        group with a defined name and optionally its stateful configuration.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     delete-instances
        (BETA) Delete instances that are managed by a managed instance group.

     describe
        (BETA) Display detailed information about an instance group.

     describe-instance
        (BETA) Describe an instance in a managed instance group.

     export-autoscaling
        (BETA) Export autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     get-named-ports
        (BETA) Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

     list
        (BETA) List Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     list-errors
        (BETA) List errors produced by managed instances in a managed instance
        group.

     list-instances
        (BETA) List instances present in the managed instance group.

     recreate-instances
        (BETA) Recreate instances managed by a managed instance group.

     resize
        (BETA) Set managed instance group size.

     resume-instances
        (BETA) Resume the suspended instances in a managed instance group.

     set-autohealing
        (BETA) (DEPRECATED) Set autohealing policy for managed instance group.

     set-autoscaling
        (BETA) Set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     set-instance-template
        (BETA) Set the instance template for a managed instance group.

     set-named-ports
        (BETA) Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.

     set-target-pools
        (BETA) Set target pools of managed instance group.

     start-instances
        (BETA) Start the stopped instances in a managed instance group.

     stop-autoscaling
        (BETA) Stop autoscaling a managed instance group.

     stop-instances
        (BETA) Stop instances owned by a managed instance group.

     suspend-instances
        (BETA) Suspend instances owned by a managed instance group.

     update
        (BETA) Update a Compute Engine managed instance group.

     update-autoscaling
        (BETA) Update autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     update-instances
        (BETA) Immediately update selected instances in a Compute Engine
        managed instance group.

     wait-until
        (BETA) Wait until the managed instance group reaches the desired state.

     wait-until-stable
        (BETA) (DEPRECATED) Waits until state of managed instance group is
        stable.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instance-groups managed

        $ gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed

