NAME
    gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed stop-autoscaling - stop
        autoscaling a managed instance group

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed stop-autoscaling NAME
        [--region=REGION | --zone=ZONE] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed stop-autoscaling stops
    autoscaling a managed instance group and deletes the autoscaler
    configuration. If autoscaling is not enabled for the managed instance
    group, this command does nothing and will report an error.

    If you need to keep the autoscaler configuration, you can temporarily
    disable an autoscaler by setting its mode to off using the
    update-autoscaling command instead.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the managed instance group to operate on.

FLAGS
     At most one of these can be specified:

       --region=REGION
          Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified,
          you might be prompted to select a region (interactive mode only).

          A list of regions can be fetched by running:

              $ gcloud compute regions list

          Overrides the default compute/region property value for this command
          invocation.

       --zone=ZONE
          Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified,
          you might be prompted to select a zone (interactive mode only).

          A list of zones can be fetched by running:

              $ gcloud compute zones list

          Overrides the default compute/zone property value for this command
          invocation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instance-groups managed stop-autoscaling

        $ gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed stop-autoscaling

