NAME
    gcloud alpha compute instances - read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual
        machine instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute instances GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

    For more information about virtual machine instances, see the virtual
    machine instances documentation
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/).

    See also: Instances API
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     bulk
        (ALPHA) Manipulate multiple Compute Engine virtual machines with single
        command executions.

     config
        (ALPHA) Manage Compute Engine instance configurations.

     network-interfaces
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine instance network interfaces.

     ops-agents
        (ALPHA) Manage Google Cloud Observability agents for Compute Engine VM
        instances.

     os-inventory
        (ALPHA) Read Compute Engine OS Inventory Data and Related Resources.

     vulnerabilities
        (ALPHA) List and describe instance vulnerabilities.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-access-config
        (ALPHA) Create a Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Add IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine instance.

     add-labels
        (ALPHA) Add labels to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     add-metadata
        (ALPHA) Add or update instance metadata.

     add-partner-metadata
        (ALPHA) Add or update partner metadata.

     add-resource-policies
        (ALPHA) Add resource policies to Compute Engine VM instances.

     add-tags
        (ALPHA) Add tags to Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     attach-disk
        (ALPHA) Attach a disk to an instance.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     create-with-container
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Creates Compute Engine virtual machine instances
        running container images.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     delete-access-config
        (ALPHA) Delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network
        interface.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe a virtual machine instance.

     detach-disk
        (ALPHA) Detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     export
        (ALPHA) Export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's
        configuration to a file.

     get-guest-attributes
        (ALPHA) Get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance.

     get-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get the IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.

     get-serial-port-output
        (ALPHA) Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

     get-shielded-identity
        (ALPHA) Get the Shielded identity for a Compute Engine instance.

     import
        (ALPHA) Create Compute Engine virtual machine instances from virtual
        appliance in OVA/OVF format.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Compute Engine instances.

     move
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Move an instance and its attached persistent disks
        between zones.

     patch-partner-metadata
        (ALPHA) Patch partner metadata.

     perform-maintenance
        (ALPHA) Perform maintenance of Google Compute Engine instance.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Remove IAM policy binding from a Compute Engine instance.

     remove-labels
        (ALPHA) Remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine
        instances.

     remove-metadata
        (ALPHA) Remove instance metadata.

     remove-partner-metadata
        (ALPHA) Remove partner metadata.

     remove-resource-policies
        (ALPHA) Remove resource policies from Compute Engine VM instances.

     remove-tags
        (ALPHA) Remove tags from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     report-host-as-faulty
        (ALPHA) Report a host as faulty to start the repair process.

     reset
        (ALPHA) Reset a virtual machine instance.

     resume
        (ALPHA) Resume a virtual machine instance.

     send-diagnostic-interrupt
        (ALPHA) Send a diagnostic interrupt to a virtual machine instance.

     set-disk-auto-delete
        (ALPHA) Set auto-delete behavior for disks.

     set-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Set IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.

     set-machine-type
        (ALPHA) Set machine type for Compute Engine virtual machines.

     set-min-cpu-platform
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Set minimum CPU platform for Compute Engine
        virtual machines.

     set-name
        (ALPHA) Set the name of a Compute Engine virtual machine.

     set-scheduling
        (ALPHA) Set scheduling options for Compute Engine virtual machines.

     set-scopes
        (ALPHA) Set scopes and service account for a Compute Engine VM
        instance.

     simulate-maintenance-event
        (ALPHA) Simulate host maintenance of VM instances.

     start
        (ALPHA) Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

     stop
        (ALPHA) Stop a virtual machine instance.

     suspend
        (ALPHA) Suspend a virtual machine instance.

     tail-serial-port-output
        (ALPHA) Periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's
        serial port and display it as it becomes available.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a Compute Engine virtual machine.

     update-access-config
        (ALPHA) Update a Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

     update-container
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Updates Compute Engine virtual machine instances
        running container images.

     update-from-file
        (ALPHA) Update a Compute Engine virtual machine instance using a
        configuration file.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instances

        $ gcloud beta compute instances

