NAME
    gcloud alpha pam grants describe - show details of a Privileged Access
        Manager grant

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha pam grants describe
        (GRANT : --entitlement=ENTITLEMENT
          --folder=FOLDER --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details of a Privileged Access Manager (PAM) grant.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes a grant with the full name GRANT_NAME:

        $ gcloud alpha pam grants describe GRANT_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Grant resource - Name of the grant to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument grant on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. This resource can be one of the
        following types:
        [privilegedaccessmanager.projects.locations.entitlements.grants,
        privilegedaccessmanager.folders.locations.entitlements.grants,
        privilegedaccessmanager.organizations.locations.entitlements.grants].

     This must be specified.

       GRANT
          ID of the grant or fully qualified identifier for the grant.

          To set the grant attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument grant on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --entitlement=ENTITLEMENT
          The entitlement id

          To set the entitlement attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument grant on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --entitlement on the command line.

       --folder=FOLDER
          The name of the folder

          To set the folder attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument grant on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --folder on the command line. Must be
            specified for resource of type
            [privilegedaccessmanager.folders.locations.entitlements.grants].

       --location=LOCATION
          The resource location

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument grant on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The name of the organization

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument grant on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line. Must be
            specified for resource of type
            [privilegedaccessmanager.organizations.locations.entitlements.grants].

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the privilegedaccessmanager/v1alpha API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta pam grants describe

