NAME
    gcloud alpha billing accounts remove-iam-policy-binding - remove an IAM
        policy binding from a Cloud Billing account

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha billing accounts remove-iam-policy-binding ACCOUNT
        --member=PRINCIPAL --role=ROLE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Remove an IAM policy binding to the IAM policy from a Cloud Billing
    account. A binding consists of a member and a role.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Account resource - Name of the Cloud Billing account for which to remove
     the IAM policy binding. This represents a Cloud resource.

     This must be specified.

       ACCOUNT
          ID of the account or fully qualified identifier for the account.

          To set the account attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument account on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --member=PRINCIPAL
        The principal to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
        user|group|serviceAccount:email or domain:domain.

        Examples: user:test-user@gmail.com, group:admins@example.com,
        serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com, or
        domain:example.domain.com.

        Deleted principals have an additional deleted: prefix and a ?uid=UID
        suffix, where UID is a unique identifier for the principal. Example:
        deleted:user:test-user@gmail.com?uid=123456789012345678901.

        Some resources also accept the following special values:
        ◆ allUsers - Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
          internet, with or without a Google account.
        ◆ allAuthenticatedUsers - Special identifier that represents anyone
          who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.

     --role=ROLE
        The role to remove the principal from.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudbilling/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/apis

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta billing accounts remove-iam-policy-binding

