NAME
    gcloud beta apigee products delete - delete an Apigee API product

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta apigee products delete (PRODUCT : --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete an Apigee API product.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an API product called product-name from the active Cloud Platform
    project, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee products delete product-name

    To delete an API product called other-product from an Apigee organization
    called org-name, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee products delete other-product \
          --organization=org-name

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     API product resource - API product to be deleted. To get a list of
     available API products, run:

         $ gcloud beta apigee products list

         The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

    This must be specified.

         PRODUCT
            ID of the API product or fully qualified identifier for the API
            product. To set the product attribute:
            ▸ provide the argument PRODUCT on the command line.

            This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
            this group are specified.

         --organization=ORGANIZATION
            Apigee organization containing the API product. If unspecified, the
            Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used. To
            set the organization attribute:
            ▸ provide the argument PRODUCT on the command line with a fully
              specified name;
            ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
            ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project]
              on the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an
              associated Apigee organization.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud apigee products delete

        $ gcloud alpha apigee products delete

