NAME
    gcloud alpha vmware network-policies describe - describe a VMware Engine
        network policy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha vmware network-policies describe
        (NETWORK_POLICY : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a VMware Engine network policy.

EXAMPLES
    To get a description of a network policy called my-network-policy in
    project my-project and region us-west2, run:

        $ gcloud alpha vmware network-policies describe my-network-policy \
            --location=us-west2 --project=my-project

    Or:

        $ gcloud alpha vmware network-policies describe my-network-policy

    In the second example, the project and the location are taken from gcloud
    properties core/project and compute/region respectively.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     VMware Engine Network Policy resource - network_policy. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument network_policy on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       NETWORK_POLICY
          ID of the VMware Engine Network Policy or fully qualified identifier
          for the VMware Engine Network Policy. To set the network-policy
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network_policy on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The resource name of the location. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network_policy on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

