NAME
    gcloud beta iap oauth-clients reset-secret - reset a Cloud IAP OAuth client
        secret

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iap oauth-clients reset-secret (NAME : --brand=BRAND)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) gcloud beta iap oauth-clients reset-secret is used to reset a Cloud
    IAP OAuth client secret.

EXAMPLES
    To reset a Cloud OAuth client secret, run:

        $ gcloud beta iap oauth-clients reset-secret NAME

    To reset a Cloud OAuth client secret for a specific brand, run:

        $ gcloud beta iap oauth-clients reset-secret NAME --brand=BRAND

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Name resource - Name of the Cloud IAP OAuth client whose secret will be
     reset. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
     of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the name or fully qualified identifier for the name. To set the
          identity_aware_proxy_clients attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --brand=BRAND
          The name of the OAuth brand. To set the brand attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --brand on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iap/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iap oauth-clients reset-secret

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients reset-secret

