NAME
    gcloud artifacts packages describe - describe an Artifact Registry package

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud artifacts packages describe
        (PACKAGE : --location=LOCATION --repository=REPOSITORY)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Artifact Registry package.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified package does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to view packages.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a package named my-pkg under the current project, repository,
    and location, run:

        $ gcloud artifacts packages describe my-pkg

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Package resource - The Artifact Registry package to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument package on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       PACKAGE
          ID of the package or fully qualified identifier for the package.

          To set the package attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument package on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the package. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument package on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          The repository associated with the package. Overrides the default
          artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To
          configure the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set
          artifacts/repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument package on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/
