NAME
    gcloud ai endpoints direct-raw-predict - run Vertex AI online direct raw
        prediction

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud ai endpoints direct-raw-predict (ENDPOINT : --region=REGION)
        --json-request=JSON_REQUEST [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    gcloud ai endpoints direct-raw-predict sends a direct raw prediction
    request to Vertex AI endpoint for the given input. The request limit is
    10MB.

EXAMPLES
    To direct predict against an endpoint 123 under project example in region
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud ai endpoints direct-raw-predict 123 --project=example \
            --region=us-central1 --json-request=input.json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Endpoint resource - The endpoint to do online direct raw prediction. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument endpoint on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENDPOINT
          ID of the endpoint or fully qualified identifier for the endpoint.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument endpoint on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the endpoint.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument endpoint on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property ai/region;
          ▸ choose one from the prompted list of available regions.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --json-request=JSON_REQUEST
        Path to a local file containing the body of a JSON request.

        An example of a JSON request:

            {
              "method_name": "my.method.Predict",
              "input": "my request bytes"
            }

        This flag accepts "-" for stdin.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha ai endpoints direct-raw-predict

        $ gcloud beta ai endpoints direct-raw-predict

