NAME
    gcloud vmware datastores describe - describe a datastore

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud vmware datastores describe (DATASTORE : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a datastore.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a datastore named my-datastore in location us-west2-a, run:

        $ gcloud vmware datastores describe my-datastore \
            --location=us-west2-a --project=my-project

    Or:

        $ gcloud vmware datastores describe my-datastore

    In the second example, the project and location are taken from gcloud
    properties core/project and compute/zone.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Datastore resource - datastore. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument datastore on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DATASTORE
          ID of the datastore or fully qualified identifier for the datastore.

          To set the datastore attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument datastore on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the private cloud or cluster.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument datastore on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
