NAME
    gcloud alpha firestore indexes composite describe - describe the given
        composite index

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha firestore indexes composite describe
        (INDEX : --database=DATABASE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe the given composite index.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes the composite index with ID 3421ef:

        $ gcloud alpha firestore indexes composite describe 3421ef

        $ gcloud alpha firestore indexes composite describe 3421ef \
            --database=(default)

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Composite index resource - Index to describe. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument index on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line. To set the
        collection-group attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument index on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument [--collection-group] on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       INDEX
          ID of the composite index or fully qualified identifier for the
          composite index. To set the index attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument index on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --database=DATABASE
          Database of the composite index.

          To set the database attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument index on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --database on the command line;
          ▸ the default value of argument [--database] is (default).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the firestore/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/firestore

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud firestore indexes composite describe

        $ gcloud beta firestore indexes composite describe

