NAME
    gcloud beta apigee apis deploy - deploy an API proxy to an environment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta apigee apis deploy
        [[REVISION]
          --api=API --environment=ENVIRONMENT --organization=ORGANIZATION]
        [--override] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Deploy an API proxy to an environment.

    gcloud beta apigee apis deploy installs an API proxy revision in an Apigee
    runtime environment.

    By default, the API proxy's base path must not already be in use by a
    deployed proxy in the target environment. To allow Apigee to undeploy any
    conflicting API proxy as part of the deployment, use the --override
    command.

    Once a particular revision of an API proxy has been deployed, that revision
    can no longer be modified. Any updates to the API proxy must be saved as a
    new revision.

EXAMPLES
    To deploy the latest revision of the API proxy named demo to the test
    environment, given that the API proxy and environment's matching Cloud
    Platform project has been set in gcloud settings, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis deploy --environment=test --api=demo

    To deploy revision 3 of that proxy, owned by an organization named my-org,
    run, and replace any conflicting deployment that might already exist, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis deploy 3 --organization=my-org \
            --environment=test --api=demo --override

    To deploy that proxy and print the resulting deployment as a JSON object,
    run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis deploy 3 --organization=my-org \
            --environment=test --api=demo --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Revision resource - API proxy revision to be deployed and environment in
     which to deploy it. Revisions can either be a positive revision number, or
     the special value latest, which will deploy the latest revision of the API
     proxy. If revision is unspecified, the default is latest. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     [REVISION]
        ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.

        To set the revision attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument REVISION on the command line;
        ◆ leave the argument unspecified for it to be chosen automatically.

     --api=API
        API proxy to be deployed. To get a list of available API proxies, run
        gcloud beta apigee apis list.

        To set the api attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument REVISION on the command line with a fully
          specified name;
        ◆ leave the argument unspecified for it to be chosen automatically
          with a fully specified name;
        ◆ provide the argument --api on the command line.

     --environment=ENVIRONMENT
        Environment in which to deploy the API proxy. To get a list of
        available environments, run gcloud beta apigee environments list.

        To set the environment attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument REVISION on the command line with a fully
          specified name;
        ◆ leave the argument unspecified for it to be chosen automatically
          with a fully specified name;
        ◆ provide the argument --environment on the command line.

     --organization=ORGANIZATION
        Apigee organization of the proxy and environment. If unspecified, the
        Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used.

        To set the organization attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument REVISION on the command line with a fully
          specified name;
        ◆ leave the argument unspecified for it to be chosen automatically
          with a fully specified name;
        ◆ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
        ◆ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
          the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
          Apigee organization.

FLAGS
     --override
        Force the deployment of the new revision, overriding any currently
        deployed revision that would conflict with it.

        If an existing API proxy revision is deployed, set this flag to ensure
        seamless deployment with zero downtime. In this case, the existing
        revision remains deployed until the new revision is fully deployed.

        If unset, gcloud beta apigee apis deploy will fail unless all
        conflicting API proxies are first undeployed from the environment. To
        do this, run gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy on the conflicting
        deployment.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud apigee apis deploy

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy

