NAME
    gcloud beta apigee apis describe - describe an Apigee API proxy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta apigee apis describe (API : --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [--verbose] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe an Apigee API proxy.

    gcloud beta apigee apis describe shows metadata about an API proxy and its
    revisions.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name given that its matching Cloud
    Platform project has been set in gcloud settings, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis describe proxy-name

    To describe an API proxy called other-proxy-name in another project whose
    Apigee organization is named org-name, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis describe other-proxy-name \
          --organization=org-name

    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name and include details on its
    revisions, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis describe proxy-name --verbose

    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name as a JSON object, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis describe proxy-name --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     API proxy resource - API proxy to be described. To get a list of available
     API proxies, run gcloud beta apigee apis list. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       API
          ID of the API proxy or fully qualified identifier for the API proxy.
          To set the api attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument API on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the API proxy. If unspecified, the
          Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used. To set
          the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument API on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
            the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
            Apigee organization.

FLAGS
     --verbose
        Include proxy revision info in the description.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud apigee apis describe

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe

