NAME
    gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy - undeploy an Apigee API proxy from an
        environment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy
        [[REVISION]
          --api=API --environment=ENVIRONMENT --organization=ORGANIZATION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Undeploy an Apigee API proxy from an environment.

EXAMPLES
    To undeploy an API proxy called my-api from the test environment of the
    active Cloud Platform project, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy --environment=test --api=my-api

    To undeploy revision 3 of an my-api from the test environment of the
    organization named test-org, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy 3 --organization=test-org \
            --environment=test --api=my-api

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Revision resource - API proxy revision to be undeployed and environment
     from which it should be removed.

     Revisions can either be a positive revision number, or the special value
     auto, which will undeploy whatever revision is currently deployed. If
     revision is unspecified, the default is auto. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

       [REVISION]
          ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.

          To set the revision attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument REVISION on the command line;
          ▸ leave the argument unspecified for it to be chosen automatically.

       --api=API
          API proxy to be undeployed. Must currently be deployed. To get a list
          of available deployed proxies, run gcloud beta apigee deployments
          list --environment=ENV.

          To set the api attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument REVISION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ leave the argument unspecified for it to be chosen automatically
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --api on the command line.

       --environment=ENVIRONMENT
          Environment from which to undeploy the API proxy. To get a list of
          available environments, run gcloud beta apigee environments list.

          To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument REVISION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ leave the argument unspecified for it to be chosen automatically
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization of the proxy and environment.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument REVISION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ leave the argument unspecified for it to be chosen automatically
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
            the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
            Apigee organization.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud apigee apis undeploy

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis undeploy

