NAME
    gcloud workflows delete - delete a workflow

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud workflows delete (WORKFLOW : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a workflow and all of its executions.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the workflow 'my-workflow', run:

        $ gcloud workflows delete my-workflow

    You may also skip waiting for the operation to finish:

        $ gcloud workflows delete my-workflow --async

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workflow resource - The name of the workflow to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument workflow on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WORKFLOW
          ID of the workflow or fully qualified identifier for the workflow. To
          set the workflow attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workflow on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the workflow. Alternatively, set the property
          [workflows/location].

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workflow on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property workflows/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the workflows/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/workflows

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta workflows delete

