NAME
    gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings apt - print settings to add to the
        sources.list.d directory

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings apt
        [--location=LOCATION --repository=REPOSITORY] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Print settings to add to the sources.list.d directory for
    connecting to an Apt repository.

EXAMPLES
    To print a snippet for the repository set in the artifacts/repository
    property in the default location:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings apt

    To print a snippet for repository my-repository in the default location:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings apt \
            --repository="my-repository"

FLAGS
     Repository resource - The Artifact Registry repository. If not specified,
     the current artifacts/repository is used. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property artifacts/repository with a fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the repository.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository with a fully specified
            name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta artifacts print-settings apt

