NAME
    gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings - print snippets to add to native
        tools settings files

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The snippets provide a credentials placeholder and configurations
    to allow native tools to interact with Artifact Registry repositories.

EXAMPLES
    To print a snippet to add a repository to the Gradle build.gradle file for
    repository my-repo in the current project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings gradle --repository=my-repo

    To print a snippet to add to the Maven pom.xml file for repository my-repo
    in the current project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings mvn --repository=my-repo

    To print a snippet to add to the npm .npmrc file for repository my-repo in
    the current project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings npm --repository=my-repo

    To print a snippet to add to the Python .pypirc and pip.comf files for
    repository my-repo in the current project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings python --repository=my-repo

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     apt
        (ALPHA) Print settings to add to the sources.list.d directory.

     gradle
        (ALPHA) Print a snippet to add a repository to the Gradle build.gradle
        file.

     mvn
        (ALPHA) Print a snippet to add a Maven repository to the pom.xml file.

     npm
        (ALPHA) Print credential settings to add to the .npmrc file.

     python
        (ALPHA) Print credential settings to add to the .pypirc and pip.conf
        files.

     yum
        (ALPHA) Print settings to add to the yum.repos.d directory.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud artifacts print-settings

        $ gcloud beta artifacts print-settings

