NAME
    gcloud network-services gateways delete - delete a gateway

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud network-services gateways delete (GATEWAY : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete the specified Network Services gateway.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a gateway named 'my-gateway', run:

        $ gcloud network-services gateways delete my-gateway \
            --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Gateway resource - Name of the gateway you want to delete. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument gateway on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       GATEWAY
          ID of the gateway or fully qualified identifier for the gateway.

          To set the gateway attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument gateway on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument gateway on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha network-services gateways delete

