NAME
    gcloud beta active-directory operations describe - describe a Managed
        Microsoft AD operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta active-directory operations describe OPERATION
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Managed Microsoft AD operation given a valid operation
    name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The operation specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        operation.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes an operation called
    operation-1484002552235-425b144f8c3f8-81aa4b49-0830d1e9:

        $ gcloud beta active-directory operations describe \
            operation-1484002552235-425b144f8c3f8-81aa4b49-0830d1e9

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD operation you want
     to describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
     not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud active-directory operations describe

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory operations describe

