NAME
    gcloud alpha ids endpoints describe - describe a Cloud IDS endpoint

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ids endpoints describe (ENDPOINT : --zone=ZONE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Cloud IDS endpoint.

EXAMPLES
    To get a description of a endpoint called my-ep in project my-project and
    zone us-central1-a, run:

        $ gcloud alpha ids endpoints describe my-ep --project=my-project \
            --zone=us-central1-a

    OR

        $ gcloud alpha ids endpoints describe \
            projects/myproject/locations/us-central1-a/endpoints/my-ep

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Endpoint resource - endpoint. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument endpoint on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENDPOINT
          ID of the endpoint or fully qualified identifier for the endpoint. To
          set the endpoint attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument endpoint on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          Zone of the endpoint. To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument endpoint on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud ids endpoints describe

        $ gcloud beta ids endpoints describe

