NAME
    gcloud alpha certificate-manager certificates delete - delete a certificate

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha certificate-manager certificates delete
        (CERTIFICATE : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a certificate resource.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the certificate with name simple-cert, run:

        $ gcloud alpha certificate-manager certificates delete simple-cert

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Certificate resource - The certificate to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument certificate on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CERTIFICATE
          ID of the certificate or fully qualified identifier for the
          certificate.

          To set the certificate attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument certificate on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the certificate.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument certificate on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ default value of location is [global].

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud certificate-manager certificates delete

        $ gcloud beta certificate-manager certificates delete

