NAME
    gcloud alpha certificate-manager certificates describe - describe an
        existing certificate

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha certificate-manager certificates describe
        (CERTIFICATE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command fetches and prints information about an existing
    certificate.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a certificate with name my-cert, run:

        $ gcloud alpha certificate-manager certificates describe my-cert

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Certificate resource - The certificate you want to describe. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument certificate on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       CERTIFICATE
          ID of the certificate or fully qualified identifier for the
          certificate. To set the certificate attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument certificate on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Certificate Manager location. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument certificate on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ default value of location is [global].

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the certificatemanager/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud certificate-manager certificates describe

        $ gcloud beta certificate-manager certificates describe

