NAME
    gcloud alpha auth - manage oauth2 credentials for the Google Cloud CLI

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha auth COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud auth command group lets you grant and revoke
    authorization to Google Cloud CLI (gcloud) to access Google Cloud.
    Typically, when scripting Google Cloud CLI tools for use on multiple
    machines, using gcloud auth activate-service-account is recommended.

    For more information on authorization and credential types, see:
    https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/authorizing.

    While running gcloud auth commands, the --account flag can be specified to
    any command to use that account without activation.

EXAMPLES
    To authenticate a user account with gcloud and minimal user output, run:

        $ gcloud auth login --brief

    To list all credentialed accounts and identify the current active account,
    run:

        $ gcloud auth list

    To revoke credentials for a user account (like logging out), run:

        $ gcloud auth revoke test@gmail.com

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     activate-service-account
        (ALPHA) Authorize access to Google Cloud with a service account.

     configure-docker
        (ALPHA) Register gcloud as a Docker credential helper.

     list
        (ALPHA) Lists credentialed accounts.

     login
        (ALPHA) Authorize gcloud to access the Cloud Platform with Google user
        credentials.

     print-access-token
        (ALPHA) Print an access token for the specified account.

     print-identity-token
        (ALPHA) Print an identity token for the specified account.

     revoke
        (ALPHA) Revoke access credentials for an account.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud auth

        $ gcloud beta auth

