NAME
    gcloud beta netapp volumes delete - delete a Cloud NetApp Volume

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta netapp volumes delete (VOLUME : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [--force] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete a Cloud NetApp Volume

EXAMPLES
    The following command deletes a Volume named NAME in the given location

        $ gcloud beta netapp volumes delete NAME --location=us-central1

    To delete a Volume named NAME asynchronously, run the following command:

        $ gcloud beta netapp volumes delete NAME --location=us-central1 \
          --async

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Volume resource - The Volume to delete. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VOLUME
          ID of the volume or fully qualified identifier for the volume.

          To set the volume attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the volume.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property netapp/location;
          ▸ set the property netapp/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --force
        Forces the deletion of a volume and its child resources, such as
        snapshots.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha netapp volumes delete

