NAME
    gcloud artifacts repositories delete-cleanup-policies - delete cleanup
        policies from an Artifact Registry repository

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud artifacts repositories delete-cleanup-policies
        (REPOSITORY : --location=LOCATION) --policynames=POLICYNAMES
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete cleanup policies from an Artifact Registry repository.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The given repository does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to update repositories.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a cleanup policy named policy_a from the repository my-repo, run:

        $ gcloud artifacts repositories delete-cleanup-policies my-repo \
            --policynames=policy_a

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Repository resource - The Artifact Registry repository to update. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the repository. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --policynames=POLICYNAMES
        Comma-separated list of cleanup policy names to delete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/
