NAME
    gcloud artifacts repositories delete - delete an Artifact Registry
        repository

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud artifacts repositories delete (REPOSITORY : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete an Artifact Registry repository. Before you delete a repository,
    ensure that any active dependencies on this repository are adjusted to use
    a new location.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified repository does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to delete repositories.

EXAMPLES
    To delete repository named my-repo under the current project, run:

        $ gcloud artifacts repositories delete my-repo

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Repository resource - The Artifact Registry repository to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository. To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the repository. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1beta2 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts repositories delete

        $ gcloud beta artifacts repositories delete

