NAME
    gcloud artifacts repositories list-cleanup-policies - list cleanup policies
        of an Artifact Registry repository

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud artifacts repositories list-cleanup-policies
        (REPOSITORY : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    List cleanup policies of an Artifact Registry repository.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified repository does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to list cleanup policies.

EXAMPLES
    To list cleanup policies for the repository my-repo, run:

        $ gcloud artifacts repositories list-cleanup-policies my-repo

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Repository resource - The parent Artifact Registry repository for the list
     of cleanup policies. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the repository. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/
