NAME
    gcloud alpha filestore operations describe - describe a Filestore operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha filestore operations describe (OPERATION : --zone=ZONE)
        [--location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Filestore operation.

EXAMPLES
    The following command shows the details for the Filestore operation named
    NAME in us-central1-c.

        $ gcloud alpha filestore operations describe NAME \
            --location=us-central1-c

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The operation to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The zone of the operation. To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ provide the argument region on the command line;
          ▸ provide the argument location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property filestore/zone;
          ▸ set the property filestore/region;
          ▸ set the property filestore/location.

FLAGS
     --location=LOCATION
        Location of the Cloud Filestore instance/operation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud filestore operations describe

        $ gcloud beta filestore operations describe

