NAME
    gcloud alpha ml-engine locations describe - display AI Platform
        capabilities in a location

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ml-engine locations describe LOCATION [--region=REGION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Display AI Platform capabilities in a location.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Location resource - The location you want to show details for. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       LOCATION
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --region=REGION
        Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command.
        If unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform
        Training and Prediction API.

        Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available
        regions:
        https://cloud.google.com/ai-platform/prediction/docs/regional-endpoints

        REGION must be one of: asia-east1, asia-northeast1, asia-southeast1,
        australia-southeast1, europe-west1, europe-west2, europe-west3,
        europe-west4, northamerica-northeast1, us-central1, us-east1, us-east4,
        us-west1.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

