NAME
    gcloud alpha dataplex tasks jobs cancel - cancel a Dataplex Job running a
        particular task

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataplex tasks jobs cancel
        (JOB : --lake=LAKE --location=LOCATION --task=TASK)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Cancel the operation that the given Dataplex Job is running task
    under a specific project, location, lake and task.

EXAMPLES
    To cancel an job test-job running task test-task within lake test-lake in
    location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex tasks jobs cancel test-job \
            --location=us-central1 --lake=test-lake --task=test-task

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Job resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex Job running a
     particular Task you want to cancel. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       JOB
          ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job. To set the
          job attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --lake=LAKE
          The identifier of the Dataplex lake resource.

          To set the lake attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --lake on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

       --task=TASK
          The identifier of the Dataplex task resource.

          To set the task attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --task on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud dataplex tasks jobs cancel

