NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking interconnects get-diagnostics - get the
        diagnostics of a specified Distributed Cloud Edge Network interconnect

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking interconnects get-diagnostics
        (INTERCONNECT : --location=LOCATION --zone=ZONE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get the diagnostics of a specified Distributed Cloud Edge Network
    interconnect.

EXAMPLES
    To get the diagnostics of the Distributed Cloud Edge Network interconnect
    'my-interconnect' in edge zone 'us-central1-edge-den1' , run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking interconnects get-diagnostics \
          my-interconnect --location=us-central1 \
          --zone=us-central1-edge-den1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Interconnect resource - The interconnect to get diagnostics. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument interconnect on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INTERCONNECT
          ID of the interconnect or fully qualified identifier for the
          interconnect. To set the interconnect attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument interconnect on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the interconnect. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument interconnect on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --zone=ZONE
          The zone of the interconnect. To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument interconnect on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

