NAME
    gcloud vmware private-clouds clusters describe - describe a Google Cloud
        VMware Engine cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud vmware private-clouds clusters describe
        (CLUSTER : --location=LOCATION --private-cloud=PRIVATE_CLOUD)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Display data associated with a VMware Engine cluster, such as its node
    count, node type, and status.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a cluster called my-cluster in private cloud my-private-cloud
    and zone us-west2-a, run:

        $ gcloud vmware private-clouds clusters describe my-cluster \
            --location=us-west2-a --project=my-project \
            --private-cloud=my-private-cloud

        Or:

        $ gcloud vmware private-clouds clusters describe my-cluster \
            --private-cloud=my-private-cloud

        In the second example, the project and location are taken from gcloud properties core/project and compute/zone.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - cluster. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. To
          set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Zone of the private cloud or cluster. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

       --private-cloud=PRIVATE_CLOUD
          VMware Engine private cloud. To set the private-cloud attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --private-cloud on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
