NAME
    gcloud beta domains registrations import - import a domain from Google
        Domains registrar to Cloud Domains

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta domains registrations import REGISTRATION [--async]
        [--labels=[KEY=VALUE,...]] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Create a new Cloud Domains registration resource by importing an
    existing domain from Google Domains registrar. The new resource's ID will
    be equal to the domain name.

    After this command executes, a resource is created with state ACTIVE,
    indicating that the import was successful. Cloud Domains will automatically
    renew your domain as long as your Cloud Billing account is active. If this
    command fails, no resource is created.

    Other users may lose access to the domain and will need IAM permissions on
    the Cloud project containing the registration resource to regain access.

EXAMPLES
    To import example.com, run:

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations import example.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registration resource - The domain name to import. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRATION
          ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the
          registration. To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registration on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --labels=[KEY=VALUE,...]
        List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

        Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens
        (-), underscores (_), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must
        contain only hyphens (-), underscores (_), lowercase characters, and
        numbers.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud domains registrations import

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations import

