NAME
    gcloud alpha dns managed-zones set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy for a
        Cloud DNS managed-zone

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dns managed-zones set-iam-policy ZONE
        --policy-file=POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command sets the IAM policy of the specified managed-zone.

EXAMPLES
    To set the IAM policy of your managed-zone , run:

        $ gcloud alpha dns managed-zones set-iam-policy my-zone \
            --policy-file=policy.json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Zone resource - The name of the managed-zone to set the IAM policy for.
     This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument zone on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ZONE
          ID of the zone or fully qualified identifier for the zone. To set the
          zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zone on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --policy-file=POLICY_FILE
        JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dns managed-zones set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud beta dns managed-zones set-iam-policy

