NAME
    gcloud beta ai tensorboards delete - delete an existing Vertex AI
        Tensorboard

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta ai tensorboards delete (TENSORBOARD : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete an existing Vertex AI Tensorboard.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Tensorboard 12345 in region us-central1 and project my-project:

        $ gcloud beta ai tensorboards delete \
          projects/my-project/locations/us-central1/tensorboards/12345

    Or with flags:

        $ gcloud beta ai tensorboards delete 12345

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tensorboard resource - The tensorboard to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument tensorboard on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TENSORBOARD
          ID of the tensorboard or fully qualified identifier for the
          tensorboard.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tensorboard on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the tensorboard.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tensorboard on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property ai/region;
          ▸ choose one from the prompted list of available regions.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud ai tensorboards delete

        $ gcloud alpha ai tensorboards delete

