NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking networks get-status - get the status of
        a specified Distributed Cloud Edge Network network

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking networks get-status
        (NETWORK : --location=LOCATION --zone=ZONE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get the status of a specified Distributed Cloud Edge Network
    network.

EXAMPLES
    To get the status of the Distributed Cloud Edge Network network
    'my-network' in edge zone 'us-central1-edge-den1' , run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking networks get-status \
          my-network --location=us-central1 --zone=us-central1-edge-den1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Network resource - The network to get status. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument network on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NETWORK
          ID of the network or fully qualified identifier for the network. To
          set the network attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the network. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --zone=ZONE
          The zone of the network. To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

