NAME
    gcloud alpha metastore operations cancel - cancel a Dataproc Metastore
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha metastore operations cancel (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Cancel a Dataproc Metastore operation.

EXAMPLES
    To cancel an active Dataproc Metastore operation with the name operation-1
    in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha metastore operations cancel operation-1 \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The operation cancel. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location to which the operation belongs.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta metastore operations cancel

