NAME
    gcloud alpha metastore operations wait - poll a long-running Dataproc
        Metastore operation until it completes

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha metastore operations wait (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Poll a long-running Dataproc Metastore operation until it
    completes. When the operation is complete, this command will display the
    results of the operation.

EXAMPLES
    To poll a long-running Dataproc Metastore operation named 'my-operation'
    until it completes, run the following:

        $ gcloud alpha metastore operations wait my-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - ID for the operation to poll until complete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataproc Metastore service.

          If not specified, will use default metastore/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the metastore/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud metastore operations wait

        $ gcloud beta metastore operations wait

