NAME
    gcloud alpha services api-keys clone - create a new API key with the same
        metadata as input key

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha services api-keys clone (KEY : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Create a new API key with the same metadata as input key.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Key resource - The name of the key to clone. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEY
          ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. To set the
          key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the key. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ location will default to global.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

