NAME
    gcloud beta container fleet policycontroller suspend - suspend Policy
        Controller Feature

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container fleet policycontroller suspend
        [--all-memberships
          | [--memberships=[MEMBERSHIPS,...] : --location=LOCATION]]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Suspends the Policy Controller. This will disable all kubernetes
    webhooks on the configured cluster, thereby removing admission and mutation
    functionality. Audit functionality will remain in place.

EXAMPLES
    To suspend Policy Controller, run:

        $ gcloud beta container fleet policycontroller suspend

    To re-enable Policy Controller webhooks, use the enable command:

        $ gcloud beta container fleet policycontroller enable

FLAGS
     Membership flags.

     At most one of these can be specified:

       --all-memberships
          If supplied, apply to all Policy Controllers memberships in the
          fleet.

       Or at least one of these can be specified:

         Membership resource - The group of arguments defining one or more
         memberships. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
         attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
         arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

         To set the project attribute:
          ▫ provide the argument --memberships on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▫ provide the argument --project on the command line;
          ▫ set the property core/project.

         --memberships=[MEMBERSHIPS,...]
            IDs of the memberships or fully qualified identifiers for the
            memberships.

            To set the memberships attribute:
            ▫ provide the argument --memberships on the command line.

            This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments
            in this group are specified.

         --location=LOCATION
            Location for the memberships.

            To set the location attribute:
            ▫ provide the argument --memberships on the command line with a
              fully specified name;
            ▫ provide the argument --location on the command line;
            ▫ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet policycontroller suspend

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet policycontroller suspend

