NAME
    gcloud beta container clusters - deploy and teardown Google Kubernetes
        Engine clusters

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container clusters COMMAND
        [--location=LOCATION | --region=REGION | --zone=ZONE, -z ZONE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) The gcloud container clusters command group lets you deploy and
    teardown Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

    See $ gcloud docker --help for information about deploying docker images to
    clusters.

FLAGS
     At most one of these can be specified:

       --location=LOCATION
          Compute zone or region (e.g. us-central1-a or us-central1) for the
          cluster. Prefer using this flag over the --region or --zone flags.

       --region=REGION
          Compute region (e.g. us-central1) for a regional cluster.

       --zone=ZONE, -z ZONE
          Compute zone (e.g. us-central1-a) for a zonal cluster. Overrides the
          default compute/zone property value for this command invocation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     check-autopilot-compatibility
        (BETA) Check autopilot compatibility of a running cluster.

     create
        (BETA) Create a cluster for running containers.

     create-auto
        (BETA) Create an Autopilot cluster for running containers.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete an existing cluster for running containers.

     describe
        (BETA) Describe an existing cluster for running containers.

     get-credentials
        (BETA) Fetch credentials for a running cluster.

     list
        (BETA) List existing clusters for running containers.

     resize
        (BETA) Resizes an existing cluster for running containers.

     update
        (BETA) Update cluster settings for an existing container cluster.

     upgrade
        (BETA) Upgrade the Kubernetes version of an existing container cluster.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container clusters

        $ gcloud alpha container clusters

