NAME
    gcloud beta filestore instances pause-replica - pause a Filestore replica
        instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta filestore instances pause-replica (INSTANCE : --zone=ZONE)
        [--async] [--location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Pause a Filestore replica instance. This command can be called only
    on a standby instance. After calling the command, the NFS file system of
    the standby instance becomes writeable. Any data changed on the standby
    instance while it is paused will be lost when the replica is resumed or
    promoted.

EXAMPLES
    To pause a replica instance with the name my-replica-instance located in
    us-central1-c, run:

        $ gcloud beta filestore instances pause-replica \
            my-replica-instance --zone=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore
     instance to pause. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The zone of the Filestore instance.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property filestore/zone.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --location=LOCATION
        Location of the Filestore instance to pause.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the file/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud filestore instances pause-replica

