NAME
    gcloud beta filestore instances promote-replica - promote a Filestore
        standby replication instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta filestore instances promote-replica (INSTANCE : --zone=ZONE)
        [--async] [--location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Promote a Filestore standby replication instance to a regular
    instance.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The target instance does not exist.
      ▪ The instance is not a standby replication member.

EXAMPLES
    To promote an instance with the name my-instance that's located in
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta filestore instances promote-replica my-instance \
            --zone=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore
     instance to promote. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The zone of the Filestore instance.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property filestore/zone.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --location=LOCATION
        Location of the Filestore instance to promote.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the file/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud filestore instances promote-replica

