NAME
    gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients delete - delete a Cloud IAP OAuth client

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients delete (NAME : --brand=BRAND)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) This command is deprecated.

    gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients delete is used to delete a Cloud IAP OAuth
    client. Note this command cannot be used to delete any other type of OAuth
    client in your project.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Cloud IAP OAuth client named CLIENT for the current project and
    brand BRAND, run:

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients delete CLIENT --brand=BRAND

    To delete a Cloud IAP OAuth client named CLIENT for a specific project
    PROJECT_ID and brand BRAND, run:

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients delete CLIENT --brand=BRAND \
          --project=PROJECT_ID

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Proxy client resource - Name of the Cloud IAP OAuth client to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the proxy client or fully qualified identifier for the proxy
          client.

          To set the identity_aware_proxy_clients attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --brand=BRAND
          The name of the OAuth brand.

          To set the brand attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --brand on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iap/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iap oauth-clients delete

        $ gcloud beta iap oauth-clients delete

