NAME
    gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients describe - describe a Cloud IAP OAuth client

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients describe (NAME : --brand=BRAND)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients describe is used to describe a Cloud
    IAP OAuth client.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Cloud OAuth client for the current project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients describe NAME

    To describe a Cloud OAuth client for a specific brand, run:

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-clients describe NAME --brand=BRAND

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Name resource - Name of the Cloud IAP OAuth client to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the name or fully qualified identifier for the name. To set the
          identity_aware_proxy_clients attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --brand=BRAND
          The name of the OAuth brand. To set the brand attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --brand on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iap/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta iap oauth-clients describe

