NAME
    gcloud beta network-security secure-access-connect attachments describe -
        describe a SAC attachment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta network-security secure-access-connect attachments describe
        (SAC_ATTACHMENT : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Show details for the specified SAC attachment.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an attachment named my-attachment in the location us-central1,
    run:

        $ gcloud beta network-security secure-access-connect attachments \
            describe my-attachment --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     SAC attachment resource - Attachment to be described. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument sac_attachment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SAC_ATTACHMENT
          ID of the SAC attachment or fully qualified identifier for the SAC
          attachment.

          To set the sac_attachment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument sac_attachment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument sac_attachment on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networksecurity/v1beta1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

