NAME
    gcloud alpha projects - create and manage project access policies

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha projects COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud alpha projects group lets you create and manage IAM
    policies for projects on the Google Cloud Platform. Resources are organized
    hierarchically and assigned to a particular project. A Project resource is
    required to use Google Cloud Platform, and forms the basis for creating,
    enabling and using all Cloud Platform services, managing APIs, enabling
    billing, adding and removing collaborators, and managing permissions.

    More information on the Cloud Platform Resource Hierarchy and the project
    resource can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-organization
    and detailed documentation on creating and managing projects can be found
    here:
    https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Add IAM policy binding for a project.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a new project.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a project.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Show metadata for a project.

     get-ancestors
        (ALPHA) Get the ancestors for a project.

     get-ancestors-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get IAM policies for a project and its ancestors.

     get-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get the IAM policy for a project.

     list
        (ALPHA) List projects accessible by the active account.

     move
        (ALPHA) Move a project into an organization.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Remove IAM policy binding for a project.

     search
        (ALPHA) Search for projects matching the given query.

     set-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Set IAM policy for a project.

     undelete
        (ALPHA) Undelete a project.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update the name and/or labels of a project.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud projects

        $ gcloud beta projects

