NAME
    gcloud vmware private-clouds upgrades describe - describe a Google Cloud
        VMware Engine upgrades

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud vmware private-clouds upgrades describe
        (UPGRADE : --location=LOCATION --private-cloud=PRIVATE_CLOUD)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Display data associated with a VMware Engine upgrade, such as its schdule,
    and status.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a upgrade called my-upgrade for a private cloud
    my-private-cloud and zone us-west2-a, run:

        $ gcloud vmware private-clouds upgrades describe my-upgrade \
            --location=us-west2-a --project=my-project \
            --private-cloud=my-private-cloud

        Or:

        $ gcloud vmware private-clouds upgrades describe my-upgrade \
            --private-cloud=my-private-cloud

        In the second example, the project and location are taken from gcloud properties core/project and compute/zone.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Upgrade resource - upgrade. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument upgrade on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       UPGRADE
          ID of the upgrade or fully qualified identifier for the upgrade.

          To set the upgrade attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument upgrade on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the private cloud or cluster.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument upgrade on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

       --private-cloud=PRIVATE_CLOUD
          VMware Engine private cloud.

          To set the private-cloud attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument upgrade on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --private-cloud on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
