NAME
    gcloud spanner databases describe - describe a Cloud Spanner database

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud spanner databases describe (DATABASE : --instance=INSTANCE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a Cloud Spanner database.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Cloud Spanner database, run:

        $ gcloud spanner databases describe my-database-id \
            --instance=my-instance-id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Database resource - The Cloud Spanner database to describe. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument database on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DATABASE
          ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database. To
          set the database attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument database on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          The Cloud Spanner instance for the database. To set the instance
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument database on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line;
          ▸ set the property spanner/instance.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha spanner databases describe

        $ gcloud beta spanner databases describe

