NAME
    gcloud filestore instances resume-replica - resume a Filestore replica
        instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud filestore instances resume-replica (INSTANCE : --zone=ZONE)
        [--async] [--location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Resume a Filestore replica instance. This command can be called only on a
    paused standby instance. Any data written to the standby instance while
    being paused will be lost when the replica is resumed. The NFS file system
    of the standby instance becomes inaccessible and replication is resumed.

EXAMPLES
    To resume a replica instance with the name my-replica-instance located in
    us-central1-c , run:

        $ gcloud filestore instances resume-replica my-replica-instance \
            --zone=us-central1-c

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore
     instance to resume. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The zone of the Filestore instance.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property filestore/zone.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --location=LOCATION
        Location of the Filestore instance to resume.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the file/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta filestore instances resume-replica

