NAME
    gcloud alpha bms instances auth-info - get authentication information for a
        Bare Metal Solution instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bms instances auth-info (INSTANCE : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get authentication information for a Bare Metal Solution instance.

EXAMPLES
    To get authentication information for an instance called my-instance in
    project my-project and region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bms instances auth-info my-instance \
            --project=my-project --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - instance. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

