NAME
    gcloud alpha bms instances disable-serial-console - disable interactive
        serial console for a Bare Metal Solution instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bms instances disable-serial-console
        (INSTANCE : --region=REGION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Disables interactive serial console for a Bare Metal Solution
    instance.

EXAMPLES
    To disable interactive serial console for an instance named test-instance,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha bms instances disable-serial-console test-instance

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Bare Metal
     Solution instance you want to disable interactive serial console for. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the baremetalsolution/v2 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bare-metal

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud bms instances disable-serial-console

