NAME
    gcloud source-manager operations describe - describe a Secure Source
        Manager operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud source-manager operations describe (OPERATION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Get details of a Secure Source Manager operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Secure Source Manager operation named 'my-operation' in
    location 'us-central1' under the current project, run:

        $ gcloud source-manager operations describe my-operation \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The operation you want to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Secure Source Manager location.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the securesourcemanager/v1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/secure-source-manager

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha source-manager operations describe

        $ gcloud beta source-manager operations describe

