NAME
    gcloud alpha metastore services backups delete - delete a service backup

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha metastore services backups delete
        (BACKUP : --location=LOCATION --service=SERVICE) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a backup.

    If run asynchronously with --async, exits after printing an operation name
    that can be used to poll the status of the deletion via:

        gcloud metastore operations describe

EXAMPLES
    To delete a backup named my-backup from the service my-service, run:

        $ gcloud alpha metastore services backups delete my-backup \
          --service=my-service

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup resource - Backup to delete. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP
          ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. To set
          the backup attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataproc Metastore service.

          If not specified, will use default metastore/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

       --service=SERVICE
          The identifier of the Dataproc Metastore service To set the service
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --service on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the metastore/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud metastore services backups delete

        $ gcloud beta metastore services backups delete

