NAME
    gcloud edge-cloud networking networks delete - delete a Distributed Cloud
        Edge Network network

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud edge-cloud networking networks delete
        (NETWORK : --location=LOCATION --zone=ZONE) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a Distributed Cloud Edge Network network.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Distributed Cloud Edge Network network called 'my-network' in
    edge zone 'us-central1-edge-den1', run:

        $ gcloud edge-cloud networking networks delete my-network \
            --location=us-central1 --zone=us-central1-edge-den1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Network resource - Distributed Cloud Edge Network network to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument network on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       NETWORK
          ID of the network or fully qualified identifier for the network. To
          set the network attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The global location name. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --zone=ZONE
          The name of the Google Distributed Cloud Edge zone. To set the zone
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgenetwork/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/distributed-cloud-edge/docs

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking networks delete

