NAME
    gcloud network-connectivity operations describe - describe a Network
        Connectivity Center operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud network-connectivity operations describe
        (OPERATION : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Retrieve details about an operation; this command is useful if you want to
    check on a long-running operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe operation operation-12345 in us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud network-connectivity operations describe operation-12345 \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Name of the operation to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The location Id.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkconnectivity/v1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/network-connectivity/docs/reference/networkconnectivity/rest

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta network-connectivity operations describe

