NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub identity-service apply - update an Identity
        Service Feature Spec

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub identity-service apply --config=CONFIG
        [--membership=MEMBERSHIP : --location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Applies the authentication configuration to the Identity Service
    feature spec for this membership. This configuration is now the "source of
    truth" for the cluster and can only be updated by using this command or the
    Cloud Console. Any local authentication configuration on the cluster is
    overwritten by this configuration, including any local updates made after
    you run this command.

EXAMPLES
    To apply an Identity Service configuration for a membership, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub identity-service apply \
            --membership=MEMBERSHIP_NAME \
            --config=/path/to/identity-service.yaml

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --config=CONFIG
        The path to the identity-service.yaml config file.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     Membership resource - The group of arguments defining a membership. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --membership=MEMBERSHIP
          ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the
          membership.

          To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location for the membership.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container hub identity-service apply

        $ gcloud beta container hub identity-service apply

