NAME
    gcloud alpha compute interconnects application-awareness update - updates
        application awareness configuration of a Compute Engine interconnect

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute interconnects application-awareness update NAME
        [--enabled] [--profile-description=PROFILE_DESCRIPTION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha compute interconnects application-awareness update
    allows the user to enable or disable application awareness on Interconnect,
    as well as add/update the description of the application awareness on
    Interconnect profile. For an example, refer to the EXAMPLES section below.

EXAMPLES
    To update the application awareness config on Compute Engine interconnect
    in a project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha compute interconnects application-awareness update \
            example-interconnect application-awareness update --enabled \
            --profile-description="Some string"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the interconnect to patch.

FLAGS
     --enabled
        Enable or disable application awareness on the interconnect.
        Application awareness enablement will fail if the application awareness
        configuration is not specified. Use --no-enabled to disable it.

     --profile-description=PROFILE_DESCRIPTION
        Add profile description for application awareness.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

