NAME
    gcloud metastore services delete - delete one or more Dataproc Metastore
        services

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud metastore services delete
        (SERVICES [SERVICES ...] : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    If run asynchronously with --async, exits after printing one or more
    operation names that can be used to poll the status of the deletion(s) via:

        gcloud metastore operations describe

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Dataproc Metastore service with the name my-metastore-service
    in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud metastore services delete my-metastore-service \
            --location=us-central1

    To delete multiple Dataproc Metastore services with the name service-1 and
    service-2 in the same location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud metastore services delete service-1 service-2 \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Service resource - The services to delete. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument services on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SERVICES [SERVICES ...]
          IDs of the services or fully qualified identifiers for the services.
          To set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument services on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location to which the services belongs. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument services on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha metastore services delete

        $ gcloud beta metastore services delete

