NAME
    gcloud alpha migration vms image-imports - imports images to Google Compute
        Engine from Google Cloud Storage

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha migration vms image-imports COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha migration vms image-imports provides a more robust and
    better supported method for importing images to Google Compute Engine.
    Other image-related operations (for example, list) can be done using gcloud
    compute images, as usual.

    The commands use VM Migartion API which supports importing of an image from
    a Google Cloud Storage file (gs://...) to a target project. VM Migration
    API must be enabled in your project.

    gcloud alpha migration vms image-imports create creates an Image Import
    resource with a nested Image Import Job resource. The Image Import Job
    resource tracks the image import progress. After the Image Import Job
    completes, successfully or otherwise, there's no further use for the Image
    Import resource.

    The image is imported to a Google Cloud Project, desginated by the Target
    Project resource. To get a list of Target Projects, run the gcloud alpha
    migration vms target-projects list command. Use the Google Cloud console to
    add target project resources. For information on adding target projects,
    see
    https://cloud.google.com/migrate/virtual-machines/docs/5.0/how-to/target-project.

    A project can support a maximum of 1000 Image Import resources per project.
    Hence it's recommended to delete an Image Import resource after the Image
    Import Job is complete to avoid reaching the Image Import resources limit.
    Deletion of Image Import resource does not affect the imported image.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     create
        (ALPHA) import Virtual Disk images to Google Compute Engine.

     delete
        (ALPHA) delete an Image Import resource.

     describe
        (ALPHA) describe an Image Import.

     list
        (ALPHA) list Image Imports.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud migration vms image-imports

