NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud api-keys describe - describe a Google Distributed
        Cloud API key

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud api-keys describe (API_KEY : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details of a specific Google Distributed Cloud API key.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an API key called test-api-key in project test-project and
    location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud api-keys describe test-api-key \
            --location=us-central1 --project=test-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     ApiKey resource - The Google Distributed Cloud API key to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument api_key on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       API_KEY
          ID of the apiKey or fully qualified identifier for the apiKey.

          To set the api_key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument api_key on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument api_key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgecontainer/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/edge-cloud

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

