NAME
    gcloud beta apigee environments describe - describe an Apigee deployment
        environment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta apigee environments describe
        (ENVIRONMENT : --organization=ORGANIZATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe an Apigee deployment environment.

    gcloud beta apigee environments describe shows metadata about an Apigee
    environment.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an environment called my-env for the active Cloud Platform
    project, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee environments describe my-env

    To describe an environment called my-env, in an organization called my-org,
    as a JSON object, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee environments describe my-env \
          --organization=my-org --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - Apigee environment to be described. To get a list
     of available environments, run gcloud beta apigee environments list. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment.

          To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument ENVIRONMENT on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the environment. If unspecified, the
          Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument ENVIRONMENT on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
            the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
            Apigee organization.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee environments describe

