NAME
    gcloud artifacts rules describe - describe an Artifact Registry rule

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud artifacts rules describe
        (RULE : --location=LOCATION --repository=REPOSITORY)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Artifact Registry rule.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified rule does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to view rules.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a rule named my-rule under the current project, repository, and
    location, run:

        $ gcloud artifacts rules describe my-rule

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Rule resource - The Artifact Registry rule to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument rule on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       RULE
          ID of the rule or fully qualified identifier for the rule.

          To set the rule attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument rule on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the rule. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument rule on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          The repository associated with the rule. Overrides the default
          artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To
          configure the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set
          artifacts/repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument rule on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/
