NAME
    gcloud bms volumes snapshot - create a snapshot of a Bare Metal Solution
        boot volume

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud bms volumes snapshot (VOLUME : --region=REGION)
        --description=DESCRIPTION --snapshot-name=SNAPSHOT_NAME
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Create a snapshot of a Bare Metal Solution boot volume.

EXAMPLES
    To create a snapshot of a boot volume named my-boot-volume in region
    us-central1 with the name my-snapshot and description my-description, run:

        $ gcloud bms volumes snapshot my-boot-volume --region=us-central1 \
            --snapshot-name=my-snapshot --description=my-description

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Volume resource - volume. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       VOLUME
          ID of the volume or fully qualified identifier for the volume.

          To set the volume attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --description=DESCRIPTION
        Textual description of the created snapshot.

     --snapshot-name=SNAPSHOT_NAME
        Name to assign to the created snapshot.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha bms volumes snapshot

