NAME
    gcloud alpha domains registrations authorization-code get - get
        authorization code of a specific Cloud Domains registration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha domains registrations authorization-code get REGISTRATION
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get authorization code of a specific registration.

    You can call this API only after 60 days have elapsed since initial
    registration.

EXAMPLES
    To get authorization code of example.com, run:

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations authorization-code get \
            example.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registration resource - The domain registration to get authorization code
     for. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRATION
          ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the
          registration.

          To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registration on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud domains registrations authorization-code get

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations authorization-code get

