NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub namespaces update - update a fleet namespace

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub namespaces update NAME [--scope=SCOPE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The project specified does not exist.
      ▪ The fleet namespace does not exist in the project.
      ▪ The caller does not have permission to access the project or
        namespace.

EXAMPLES
    To update the namespace NAMESPACE in the active project:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub namespaces update NAMESPACE

    To update the namespace NAMESPACE in project PROJECT_ID:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub namespaces update NAMESPACE \
            --project=PROJECT_ID

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the namespace to be updated.

FLAGS
     Scope resource - The group of arguments defining the Fleet Scope. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --scope on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --scope on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ global is the only supported location.

       --scope=SCOPE
          ID of the scope or fully qualified identifier for the scope. To set
          the scope attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --scope on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta container hub namespaces update

