NAME
    gcloud vmware private-connections delete - delete a Google Cloud Private
        Connection

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud vmware private-connections delete
        (PRIVATE_CONNECTION : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a Private Connection. When a private connection is deleted for a
    VMware Engine network, the connected network becomes inaccessible to that
    VMware Engine network.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Private Connection resource called my-private-connection in
    project my-project and region us-west1, run:

        $ gcloud vmware private-connections delete my-private-connection \
            --location=us-west1 --project=my-project

    Or:

        $ gcloud vmware private-connections delete my-private-connection

    In the second example, the project and the location is taken from gcloud
    properties core/project and compute/region, respectively.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Private Connection resource - private_connection. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument private_connection on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       PRIVATE_CONNECTION
          ID of the Private Connection or fully qualified identifier for the
          Private Connection.

          To set the private-connection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument private_connection on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The resource name of the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument private_connection on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete. The default is True. Enabled by default, use --no-async to
        disable.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
