NAME
    gcloud container fleet memberships delete - delete a membership

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud container fleet memberships delete
        (MEMBERSHIP : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    This command deletes the Fleet membership resource corresponding to the
    cluster.

    This command is intended to delete stale Fleet Membership resources as
    doing so on a fully registered cluster will skip uninstalling the Connect
    Agent and and orphan in-cluster resources and agent connections to Google.
    To completely unregister the cluster, consider using the command: gcloud
    container fleet memberships unregister.

EXAMPLES
    First retrieve the ID of the membership using the command below. The output
    of this command lists all the fleet's members, with their unique IDs in the
    Names column:

        $ gcloud container fleet memberships list

    Delete a membership from Fleet:

        $ gcloud container fleet memberships delete MEMBERSHIP_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Membership resource - The cluster membership to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument membership on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       MEMBERSHIP
          ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the
          membership. To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument membership on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument membership on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gkehub/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet memberships delete

        $ gcloud beta container fleet memberships delete

