NAME
    gcloud iam oauth-clients credentials delete - delete an OAuth client
        credential

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iam oauth-clients credentials delete
        (CREDENTIAL : --location=LOCATION --oauth-client=OAUTH_CLIENT)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete an OAuth client credential.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the OAuth client credential with ID my-oauth-client-credential in
    the default project, run:

        $ gcloud iam oauth-clients credentials delete \
            my-oauth-client-credential --location="global" \
            --oauth-client="my-oauth-client"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Oauth client credential resource - The OAuth client credential to delete.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument credential on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CREDENTIAL
          ID of the oauth client credential or fully qualified identifier for
          the oauth client credential.

          To set the credential attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument credential on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument credential on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --oauth-client=OAUTH_CLIENT
          ID to use for the OAuth client, which becomes the final component of
          the resource name. This value should be 4-32 characters, and may
          contain the characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use
          by Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the oauth-client attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument credential on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --oauth-client on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha iam oauth-clients credentials delete

