NAME
    gcloud alpha container azure clients get-public-cert - get the public
        certificate of an Azure client

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container azure clients get-public-cert
        (CLIENT : --location=LOCATION) [--output-file=OUTPUT_FILE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get the public certificate of an Azure client.

EXAMPLES
    To get the public certificate of an Azure client named my-client in
    location us-west1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container azure clients get-public-cert my-client \
            --location=us-west1

    To store the certificate in a file named client.crt, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container azure clients get-public-cert my-client \
            --location=us-west1 --output-file=client.crt

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Client resource - Azure client to get the public certificate. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument client on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLIENT
          ID of the client or fully qualified identifier for the client. To set
          the client attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument client on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location for the client. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument client on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property container_azure/location.

FLAGS
     --output-file=OUTPUT_FILE
        Path to the output file to store PEM.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud container azure clients get-public-cert

