NAME
    gcloud alpha backup-dr backups describe - show details of the backup

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha backup-dr backups describe
        (BACKUP : --backup-vault=BACKUP_VAULT
          --data-source=DATA_SOURCE --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show all data associated with the specified backup.

EXAMPLES
    To view details for backup 'BACKUP', run:

        $ gcloud alpha backup-dr backups describe BACKUP

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup resource - Name of the backup to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP
          ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup.

          To set the backup attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --backup-vault=BACKUP_VAULT
          The ID of the Backup Vault.

          To set the backup-vault attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --backup-vault on the command line.

       --data-source=DATA_SOURCE
          The ID of the Data Source.

          To set the data-source attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --data-source on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location ID of the resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the backupdr/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/backup-disaster-recovery

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud backup-dr backups describe

