NAME
    gcloud alpha transfer appliances describe - get configuration details about
        a Transfer Appliance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha transfer appliances describe APPLIANCE [--region=REGION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get configuration details about a specific transfer appliance.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an appliance, run:

        $ gcloud alpha transfer appliances describe APPLIANCE

    To view details of the order associated with an appliance, first obtain the
    ORDER identifier, then use it to look up the order:

        $ gcloud alpha transfer appliances describe APPLIANCE \
            --format="value(order)"

        $ gcloud alpha transfer appliances describe orders describe ORDER

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Appliance resource - The appliance to describe. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument appliance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the region attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument appliance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --region on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       APPLIANCE
          ID of the appliance or fully qualified identifier for the appliance.

          To set the appliance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument appliance on the command line.

FLAGS
     --region=REGION
        The location affiliated with the appliance order to describe. REGION
        must be one of: us-central1, europe-west1, asia-southeast1.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

