NAME
    gcloud alpha certificate-manager maps entries describe - describe an
        existing certificate map entry

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha certificate-manager maps entries describe
        (ENTRY : --location=LOCATION --map=MAP) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command fetches and prints information about an existing
    certificate map entry.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a certificate map entry with name simple-entry, run:

        $ gcloud alpha certificate-manager maps entries describe \
            simple-entry --map=simple-map

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Certificate map entry resource - The certificate map entry to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument entry on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENTRY
          ID of the certificate map entry or fully qualified identifier for the
          certificate map entry. To set the entry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument entry on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the certificate map entry. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument entry on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ default value of location is [global].

       --map=MAP
          The certificate map for the certificate map entry. To set the map
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument entry on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --map on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud certificate-manager maps entries describe

        $ gcloud beta certificate-manager maps entries describe

