NAME
    gcloud alpha iam workload-identity-pools providers operations describe -
        describe a workload identity pool provider operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iam workload-identity-pools providers operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION
          --provider=PROVIDER --workload-identity-pool=WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a workload identity pool provider operation.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes the long running workload identity pool
    provider operation with the ID my-operation:

        $ gcloud alpha iam workload-identity-pools providers operations \
            describe my-operation \
            --workload-identity-pool="my-workload-identity-pool" \
            --provider="my-provider" --location="global"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workload identity pool provider operation resource - The workload identity
     pool provider long running operation to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the workload identity pool provider operation or fully
          qualified identifier for the workload identity pool provider
          operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --provider=PROVIDER
          The ID for the provider, which becomes the final component of the
          resource name. This value must be 4-32 characters, and may contain
          the characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by
          Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the provider attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --provider on the command line.

       --workload-identity-pool=WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL
          The ID to use for the pool, which becomes the final component of the
          resource name. This value should be 4-32 characters, and may contain
          the characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by
          Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workload-identity-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workload-identity-pool on the command
            line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1beta API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iam workload-identity-pools providers operations describe

        $ gcloud beta iam workload-identity-pools providers operations \
            describe

