NAME
    gcloud alpha source-manager instances delete - delete a Secure Source
        Manager instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha source-manager instances delete (INSTANCE : --region=REGION)
        [--async] [--max-wait=MAX_WAIT; default="60m"] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Secure Source Manager instance.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Secure Source Manager instance named 'my-instance' in location
    'us-central1' asynchronously, run:

        $ gcloud alpha source-manager instances delete my-instance \
            --region=us-central1

    To delete a Secure Source Manager instance named 'my-instance' in location
    'us-central1' synchronously, and wait a maximum of 30 minutes for it to
    finish being deleted, run:

        $ gcloud alpha source-manager instances delete my-instance \
            --region=us-central1 --no-async --max-wait=30m

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - The Secure Source Manager instance to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Secure Source Manager location.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete. The default is True. Enabled by default, use --no-async to
        disable.

     --max-wait=MAX_WAIT; default="60m"
        Time to synchronously wait for the operation to complete, after which
        the operation continues asynchronously. Ignored if --no-async isn't
        specified. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time
        formats.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta source-manager instances delete

