NAME
    gcloud alpha source-manager instances set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy
        for a Secure Source Manager instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha source-manager instances set-iam-policy
        (INSTANCE : --region=REGION) POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Set the IAM policy for a Secure Source Manager instance.

EXAMPLES
    To set the IAM policy for an instance named 'my-instance' in location
    'us-central' to content of policy.json , run:

        $ gcloud alpha source-manager instances set-iam-policy my-instance \
            --region=us-central1 policy.json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - The Secure Source Manager instance for which to set
     the IAM policy. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Secure Source Manager location.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the securesourcemanager/v1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/secure-source-manager

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta source-manager instances set-iam-policy

