NAME
    gcloud immersive-stream xr contents create - create an Immersive Stream for
        XR content resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud immersive-stream xr contents create (CONTENT : --location=LOCATION)
        --bucket=BUCKET [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Create an Immersive Stream for XR content resource.

EXAMPLES
    To create a content resource called my-content using Cloud Storage bucket
    my-bucket, run:

        $ gcloud immersive-stream xr contents create my-content \
            --bucket=my-bucket

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Content resource - Immersive Stream for XR content resource to be created.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument content on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       CONTENT
          ID of the content or fully qualified identifier for the content.

          To set the content attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument content on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Global location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument content on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --bucket=BUCKET
        The name of the Cloud Storage bucket in the consumer project that
        stores the content source.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the stream/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha immersive-stream xr contents create

