NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud services describe - describe a Google Cloud
        Platform service enabled on a Google Distributed Cloud zone

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud services describe
        (ZONAL_SERVICE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Google Cloud Platform service enabled on a Google
    Distributed Cloud zone.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a service with id service-id in project sample-project and
    location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud services describe service-id \
            --location=us-central1 --project=sample-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Zonal Service resource - Service ID to describe which is enabled on a
     Google Distributed Cloud zone. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument zonal_service on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ZONAL_SERVICE
          ID of the Zonal Service or fully qualified identifier for the Zonal
          Service.

          To set the zonal_service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zonal_service on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zonal_service on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgecontainer/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/edge-cloud

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

