NAME
    gcloud dataproc jobs describe - view the details of a job

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataproc jobs describe (JOB : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    View the details of a job.

EXAMPLES
    To view the details of a job, run:

        $ gcloud dataproc jobs describe job_id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Job resource - The ID of the job to describe. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       JOB
          ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job. To set the
          job attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the job. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs describe

        $ gcloud beta dataproc jobs describe

