NAME
    gcloud iam workforce-pools providers keys undelete - undelete a workforce
        pool provider key

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iam workforce-pools providers keys undelete
        (KEY : --location=LOCATION
          --provider=PROVIDER --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Undelete a workforce pool provider key.

EXAMPLES
    The following command undeletes a workforce pool provider key with the ID
    my-key.

        $ gcloud iam workforce-pools providers keys undelete my-key \
            --location="global" --workforce-pool="my-workforce-pool" \
            --provider="my-provider"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workforce pool provider key resource - The workforce pool provider key to
     undelete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       KEY
          ID of the workforce pool provider key or fully qualified identifier
          for the workforce pool provider key.

          To set the key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the workforce pool.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --provider=PROVIDER
          The ID to use for the workforce pool provider, which becomes the
          final component of the resource name. This value must be unique
          within the workforce pool, 4-32 characters in length, and may contain
          the characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by
          Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the provider attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --provider on the command line.

       --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL
          The ID to use for the workforce pool, which becomes the final
          component of the resource name. This value must be a globally unique
          string of 6 to 63 lowercase letters, digits, or hyphens. It must
          start with a letter, and cannot have a trailing hyphen. The prefix
          gcp- is reserved for use by Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workforce-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workforce-pool on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha iam workforce-pools providers keys undelete

        $ gcloud beta iam workforce-pools providers keys undelete

