NAME
    gcloud beta services api-keys undelete - undelete an API key

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta services api-keys undelete (KEY : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) API Keys that are deleted will be retained in the system for 30
    days. If a key is still within this retention window, it can be undeleted
    with this command.

EXAMPLES
    UnDelete an API Key :

        $ gcloud beta services api-keys undelete \
            projects/myproject/locations/global/keys/1234

        $ gcloud beta services api-keys undelete 1234

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Key resource - The name of the key to undelete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEY
          ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. To set the
          key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the key. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ location will default to global.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha services api-keys undelete

