NAME
    gcloud beta iot devices describe - show details about a device

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iot devices describe
        (DEVICE : --region=REGION --registry=REGISTRY) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) (DEPRECATED) This command is deprecated. Google Cloud IoT Core has
    been retired.

    (BETA) (DEPRECATED) Show details about a device.

    This command is deprecated. Google Cloud IoT Core has been retired.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a device, run:

        $ gcloud beta iot devices describe my-device --region=us-central1 \
            --registry=my-registry

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Device resource - The device to describe. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument device on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DEVICE
          ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device.

          To set the device attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument device on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the device.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument device on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

       --registry=REGISTRY
          The device registry for the device.

          To set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument device on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --registry on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iot devices describe

        $ gcloud alpha iot devices describe

