NAME
    gcloud alpha model-armor templates delete - delete Model Armor Template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha model-armor templates delete (TEMPLATE : --location=LOCATION)
        [--request-id=REQUEST_ID] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Deletes a Template.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Template, run:        $ gcloud alpha model-armor templates delete my-template \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Template resource - Name of the resource The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TEMPLATE
          ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template.

          To set the template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the template resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --request-id=REQUEST_ID
        An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request
        ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to
        ignore the request if it has already been completed. The server stores
        the request ID for 60 minutes after the first request.

        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and
        the request times out. If you make the request again with the same
        request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same
        request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request.
        This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.

        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID
        is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the modelarmor/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center/docs/model-armor-overview

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud model-armor templates delete

