NAME
    gcloud alpha model-armor templates describe - get Model Armor Template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha model-armor templates describe
        (TEMPLATE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Gets a Template.

EXAMPLES
    To get a Template, run:        $ gcloud alpha model-armor templates describe my-template \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Template resource - Name of the resource The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TEMPLATE
          ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template.

          To set the template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the template resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the modelarmor/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center/docs/model-armor-overview

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud model-armor templates describe

