NAME
    gcloud alpha infra-manager deployments describe - describe deployments

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha infra-manager deployments describe
        (DEPLOYMENT : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a deployment

EXAMPLES
    To describe a deployment example-deployment in project p1 at location
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha infra-manager deployments describe \
            projects/p1/locations/us-central1/deployments/example-deployment

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Deployment resource - The deployment to describe The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument deployment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       DEPLOYMENT
          ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the
          deployment.

          To set the deployment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument deployment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          locations TBD

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument deployment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the config/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/infrastructure-manager/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud infra-manager deployments describe

