NAME
    gcloud alpha infra-manager deployments export-statefile - export a
        terraform state file

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha infra-manager deployments export-statefile
        (DEPLOYMENT : --location=LOCATION) [--draft] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command generates a signed url to download a terraform state
    file.

EXAMPLES
    Export state file for my-deployment:

        $ gcloud alpha infra-manager deployments export-statefile \
            projects/p1/location/us-central1/deployments/my-deployment

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Deployment resource - the deployment to be used as parent. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument DEPLOYMENT on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DEPLOYMENT
          ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the
          deployment.

          To set the deployment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument DEPLOYMENT on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the deployment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument DEPLOYMENT on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property blueprints/location.

FLAGS
     --draft
        If this flag is set to true, the exported deployment state file will be
        the draft state

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

