NAME
    gcloud alpha container backup-restore locations describe - describe a
        location

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container backup-restore locations describe LOCATION
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Backup for GKE location.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a location 'us-central1' in project 'my-project', run:

        $ gcloud alpha container backup-restore locations describe \
            us-central1 --project=my-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Location resource - Location to describe. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       LOCATION
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gkebackup/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/add-on/backup-for-gke

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta container backup-restore locations describe

