NAME
    gcloud bigtable instances tables undelete - undelete a previously deleted
        Cloud Bigtable table

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud bigtable instances tables undelete (TABLE : --instance=INSTANCE)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Undelete a previously deleted Cloud Bigtable table.

EXAMPLES
    To undelete the table my-table in instance my-instance, run:

        $ gcloud bigtable instances tables undelete my-table \
            --instance=my-instance

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Table resource - Cloud Bigtable table to undelete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TABLE
          ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table.

          To set the table attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          Name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the bigtableadmin/v2 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables undelete

        $ gcloud beta bigtable instances tables undelete

