NAME
    gcloud beta composer environments user-workloads-secrets update - update a
        user workloads Secret

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta composer environments user-workloads-secrets update
        --secret-file-path=SECRET_FILE_PATH
        (--environment=ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Update a user workloads Secret.

EXAMPLES
    To update a user workloads Secret of the environment named env-1, run:

        $ gcloud beta composer environments user-workloads-secrets update \
            --environment=env-1 --secret-file-path=secret.yaml

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --secret-file-path=SECRET_FILE_PATH
        Path to a local file with a single Kubernetes Secret in YAML format.

     Environment resource - The environment where the user workloads Secret
     must be updated. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --environment=ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment.

          To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Region where Composer environment runs or in which to create the
          environment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud composer environments user-workloads-secrets update

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments user-workloads-secrets update

