NAME
    gcloud alpha iot registries delete - delete a device registry

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iot registries delete (REGISTRY : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a device registry.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a device registry, run:

        $ gcloud alpha iot registries delete my-registry --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registry resource - The registry you want to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registry on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRY
          ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry.

          To set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Cloud IoT region.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudiot/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iot registries delete

        $ gcloud beta iot registries delete

