NAME
    gcloud alpha iot registries set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy for a
        device registry

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iot registries set-iam-policy (REGISTRY : --region=REGION)
        POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) This command is deprecated. Google Cloud IoT Core has
    been retired.

    This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a device registry, given
    a REGISTRY and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy.
    If the given policy file specifies an "etag" value, then the replacement
    will succeed only if the policy already in place matches that etag. (An
    etag obtained via $ gcloud iot registries get-iam-policy will prevent the
    replacement if the policy for the device registry has been subsequently
    updated.) A policy file that does not contain an etag value will replace
    any existing policy for the device registry.

EXAMPLES
    The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
    'policy.json' and set it for a device registry with identifier
    'my-registry'

        $ gcloud alpha iot registries set-iam-policy --region=us-central1 \
            my-registry policy.json

    See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing-policies for details of the
    policy file format and contents.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registry resource - The device registry for which to set the IAM policy.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registry on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRY
          ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry.

          To set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Cloud IoT region.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudiot/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iot registries set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud beta iot registries set-iam-policy

