NAME
    gcloud compute instances ops-agents policies delete - delete a Google Cloud
        Observability agents policy for the Ops Agent

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute instances ops-agents policies delete POLICY_ID --zone=ZONE
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    gcloud compute instances ops-agents policies delete deletes a policy that
    facilitates agent management across Compute Engine instances based on user
    specified instance filters.

    The command returns a response indicating whether the deletion succeeded.
    After a policy is deleted, it takes 10-15 minutes to be wiped from the
    applicable instances. Deleting a policy does not delete any existing agents
    managed by that policy, but the agents become unmanaged by any policies. To
    remove the agents from the instances, first update the policy to set the
    agent packageState to removed, wait for the policy to take effect, then
    delete the policy.

    The command returns the content of the deleted policy. For instance:

        agentsRule:
          packageState: installed
          version: latest
        instanceFilter:
          inclusionLabels:
          - labels:
              env: prod

    If no policies are found, or the policy is not an agents policy, then the
    command returns a NOT_FOUND error.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an agents policy named ops-agents-test-policy in the current
    project, run:

        $ gcloud compute instances ops-agents policies delete \
            ops-agents-test-policy --zone=ZONE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     POLICY_ID
        ID of the policy.

        This ID must contain only lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens, end
        with a number or a letter, be between 1-63 characters, and be unique
        within the project.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --zone=ZONE
        Zone of the agents policy you want to delete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete

        $ gcloud beta compute instances ops-agents policies delete

