NAME
    gcloud alpha redis clusters describe - show metadata for a Memorystore for
        Redis Cluster instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha redis clusters describe (CLUSTER : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show metadata for a Memorystore for Redis Cluster instance.

    Displays all metadata associated with a cluster given a valid cluster name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The cluster specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        cluster.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for a cluster with the name my-redis-cluster in the
    default region, run:

        $ gcloud alpha redis clusters describe my-redis-cluster

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - Arguments and flags that specify the cluster you want
     to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the cluster. Overrides the default
          redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta redis clusters describe

