NAME
    gcloud compute instances - read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual
        machine instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute instances GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

    For more information about virtual machine instances, see the virtual
    machine instances documentation
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/).

    See also: Instances API
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     bulk
        Manipulate multiple Compute Engine virtual machines with single command
        executions.

     network-interfaces
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine VM instance network interfaces.

     ops-agents
        Manage Operation Suite (Ops) agents for Compute Engine VM instances.

     os-inventory
        Read Compute Engine OS Inventory Data and Related Resources.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-access-config
        Create a Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

     add-iam-policy-binding
        Add IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine instance.

     add-labels
        Add labels to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     add-metadata
        Add or update instance metadata.

     add-resource-policies
        Add resource policies to Compute Engine VM instances.

     add-tags
        Add tags to Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     attach-disk
        Attach a disk to an instance.

     create
        Create Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     create-with-container
        Creates Compute Engine virtual machine instances running container
        images.

     delete
        Delete Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     delete-access-config
        Delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network
        interface.

     describe
        Describe a virtual machine instance.

     detach-disk
        Detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     export
        Export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's configuration to a
        file.

     get-guest-attributes
        Get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance.

     get-iam-policy
        Get the IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.

     get-screenshot
        Capture a screenshot (JPEG image) of the virtual machine instance's
        display.

     get-serial-port-output
        Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

     get-shielded-identity
        Get the Shielded identity for a Compute Engine instance.

     import
        Create Compute Engine virtual machine instances from virtual appliance
        in OVA/OVF format.

     list
        List Compute Engine instances.

     move
        Move an instance and its attached persistent disks between zones.

     perform-maintenance
        Perform maintenance of Google Compute Engine instance.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        Remove IAM policy binding from a Compute Engine instance.

     remove-labels
        Remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     remove-metadata
        Remove instance metadata.

     remove-resource-policies
        Remove resource policies from Compute Engine VM instances.

     remove-tags
        Remove tags from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     reset
        Reset a virtual machine instance.

     resume
        Resume a virtual machine instance.

     send-diagnostic-interrupt
        Send a diagnostic interrupt to a virtual machine instance.

     set-disk-auto-delete
        Set auto-delete behavior for disks.

     set-iam-policy
        Set IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.

     set-machine-type
        Set machine type for Compute Engine virtual machines.

     set-name
        Set the name of a Compute Engine virtual machine.

     set-scheduling
        Set scheduling options for Compute Engine virtual machines.

     set-service-account
        Set a service account and access scopes for a Compute Engine VM
        instance.

     simulate-maintenance-event
        Simulate host maintenance of VM instances.

     start
        Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

     stop
        Stop a virtual machine instance.

     suspend
        Suspend a virtual machine instance.

     tail-serial-port-output
        Periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's serial
        port and display it as it becomes available.

     update
        Update a Compute Engine virtual machine.

     update-access-config
        Update a Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

     update-container
        Updates Compute Engine virtual machine instances running container
        images.

     update-from-file
        Update a Compute Engine virtual machine instance using a configuration
        file.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha compute instances

        $ gcloud beta compute instances

