NAME
    gcloud active-directory domains backups describe - describe a Managed
        Microsoft AD domain backup

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud active-directory domains backups describe (BACKUP : --domain=DOMAIN)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Show metadata for a Managed Microsoft AD domain backup.

    Displays all metadata associated with an Active Directory domain backup
    when provided with a valid domain backup name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified domain backup doesn't exist.
      ▪ The active account doesn't have permission to access the specified
        domain.

EXAMPLES
    To display all metadata associated with an AD domain backup with the name
    my-backup under the domain my-domain in project my-project, run:

        $ gcloud active-directory domains backups describe \
            projects/my-proj/locations/global/domains/my-domain.com/\
        backups/my-backup

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain backup you want
     to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP
          ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. To set
          the backup attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --domain=DOMAIN
          The fully-qualified domain name of the Microsoft Active Directory
          domain. To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --domain on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains backups describe

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains backups describe

