NAME
    gcloud alpha healthcare operations cancel - cancel a Cloud Healthcare API
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha healthcare operations cancel
        (OPERATION : --dataset=DATASET --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Cancel a Cloud Healthcare API operation.

EXAMPLES
    To cancel the operation '1234567890' in the dataset 'test-dataset', run:

        $ gcloud alpha healthcare operations cancel 1234567890 \
            --dataset=test-dataset

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Cloud Healthcare API operation to cancel. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --dataset=DATASET
          Cloud Healthcare dataset. To set the dataset attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --dataset on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property healthcare/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the healthcare/v1alpha2 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

