NAME
    gcloud certificate-manager maps describe - describe an existing certificate
        map

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud certificate-manager maps describe (MAP : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    This command fetches and prints information about an existing certificate
    map.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a certificate map with name simple-map, run:

        $ gcloud certificate-manager maps describe simple-map

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Certificate map resource - The certificate map to describe. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument map on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MAP
          ID of the certificate map or fully qualified identifier for the
          certificate map.

          To set the map attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument map on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the certificate map.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument map on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ default value of location is [global].

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha certificate-manager maps describe

        $ gcloud beta certificate-manager maps describe

