NAME
    gcloud alpha builds enterprise-config gitlab describe - describe a GitLab
        Enterprise config in a Google Cloud project

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha builds enterprise-config gitlab describe
        (CONFIG : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a GitLab Enterprise config in a Google Cloud project.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     GitLabConfig resource - GitLab Enterprise config. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument CONFIG on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONFIG
          ID of the gitLabConfig or fully qualified identifier for the
          gitLabConfig. To set the config attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument CONFIG on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud location for the gitLabConfig. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument CONFIG on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property builds/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

