NAME
    gcloud alpha bq migration-workflows delete - delete migrationWorkflows

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bq migration-workflows delete (WORKFLOW : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a migrationWorkflow

EXAMPLES
    To delete the migrationWorkflow, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bq migration-workflows delete

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workflow resource - The unique identifier for the migration workflow.
     Example: projects/123/locations/us/workflows/1234 The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument workflow on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WORKFLOW
          ID of the workflow or fully qualified identifier for the workflow.

          To set the workflow attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workflow on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the workflow resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workflow on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the bigquerymigration/v2 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/solutions/migration/dw2bq/dw-bq-migration-overview

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta bq migration-workflows delete

