NAME
    gcloud alpha ai custom-jobs describe - get detailed information about the
        custom job by given id

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ai custom-jobs describe (CUSTOM_JOB : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    To get a job 123 under project example in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha ai custom-jobs describe 123 --project=example \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Custom job resource - The custom job to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument custom_job on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CUSTOM_JOB
          ID of the custom job or fully qualified identifier for the custom
          job. To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument custom_job on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the custom job. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument custom_job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property ai/region;
          ▸ choose one from the prompted list of available regions.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud ai custom-jobs describe

        $ gcloud beta ai custom-jobs describe

