NAME
    gcloud network-security - manage Network Security resources

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud network-security GROUP [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Manage Network Security resources.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     address-groups
        Manage Network Security AddressGroups.

     authorization-policies
        Manage Network Security AuthorizationPolicies.

     authz-policies
        Manage Network Security AuthzPolicy resources.

     backend-authentication-configs
        Manage Network Security BackendAuthenticationConfigs.

     client-tls-policies
        Manage Network Security ClientTlsPolicies.

     firewall-endpoint-associations
        Create and manage Firewall Plus endpoint associations.

     firewall-endpoints
        Create and manage Firewall Plus endpoints.

     gateway-security-policies
        Manage Network Security Gateway Security Policies.

     intercept-deployment-groups
        Manage Intercept Deployment Group resources.

     intercept-deployments
        Manage Intercept Deployment resources.

     intercept-endpoint-group-associations
        Manage Intercept Endpoint Group Association resources.

     intercept-endpoint-groups
        Manage Intercept Endpoint Group resources.

     mirroring-deployment-groups
        Manage Mirroring Deployment Group resources.

     mirroring-deployments
        Manage Mirroring Deployment resources.

     mirroring-endpoint-group-associations
        Manage Mirroring Endpoint Group Association resources.

     mirroring-endpoint-groups
        Manage Mirroring Endpoint Group resources.

     org-address-groups
        Manage Network Security AddressGroups.

     security-profile-groups
        Manage Network Security - Security Profile Groups.

     security-profiles
        Manage Network Security - Security Profiles.

     server-tls-policies
        Manage Network Security ServerTlsPolicies.

     tls-inspection-policies
        Manage Network Security TLS Inspection Policies.

     url-lists
        Manage Network Security Url Lists.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha network-security

        $ gcloud beta network-security

