NAME
    gcloud alpha kms keyrings create - create a new keyring

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha kms keyrings create (KEYRING : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Creates a new keyring within the given location.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Keyring resource - The KMS keyring resource. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument keyring on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEYRING
          ID of the keyring or fully qualified identifier for the keyring. To
          set the keyring attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument keyring on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the keyring. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument keyring on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud kms keyrings create

        $ gcloud beta kms keyrings create

