NAME
    gcloud alpha kms keyrings describe - get metadata for a keyring

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha kms keyrings describe (KEYRING : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Returns metadata for the given keyring.

EXAMPLES
    The following command returns the metadata for the keyring towers in the
    location us-east1:

        $ gcloud alpha kms keyrings describe towers --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Keyring resource - The KMS keyring resource. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument keyring on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEYRING
          ID of the keyring or fully qualified identifier for the keyring. To
          set the keyring attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument keyring on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Google Cloud location for the keyring. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument keyring on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud kms keyrings describe

        $ gcloud beta kms keyrings describe

