NAME
    gcloud alpha spanner databases change-quorum - change quorum of a Cloud
        Spanner database

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha spanner databases change-quorum
        (DATABASE : --instance=INSTANCE)
        (--dual-region | --serving-location=SERVING_LOCATION --single-region)
        [--etag=ETAG] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Change quorum of a Cloud Spanner database.

EXAMPLES
    To trigger change quorum from single-region mode to dual-region mode, run:

        $ gcloud alpha spanner databases change-quorum my-database-id \
            --instance=my-instance-id --dual-region

    To trigger change quorum from dual-region mode to single-region mode with
    serving location as asia-south1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha spanner databases change-quorum my-database-id \
            --instance=my-instance-id --single-region \
            --serving-location=asia-south1

    To trigger change quorum using etag specified, run:

        $ gcloud alpha spanner databases change-quorum my-database-id \
            --instance=my-instance-id --dual-region --etag=ETAG

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Database resource - The Cloud Spanner database to change quorum. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument database on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DATABASE
          ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database.

          To set the database attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument database on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument database on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line;
          ▸ set the property spanner/instance.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Exactly one of these must be specified:

       Command-line flag for dual-region quorum change:

       --dual-region
          Switch to dual-region quorum type.

       Command-line flags for single-region quorum change:

       --serving-location=SERVING_LOCATION
          The cloud Spanner location.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --single-region
          Switch to single-region quorum type.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --etag=ETAG
        Used for optimistic concurrency control.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud spanner databases change-quorum

        $ gcloud beta spanner databases change-quorum

