NAME
    gcloud alpha spanner databases set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy for a
        Cloud Spanner database

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha spanner databases set-iam-policy
        (DATABASE : --instance=INSTANCE) POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database.

EXAMPLES
    The following command reads an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
    policy.json and sets it for a spanner database with the ID my-database-id:

        $ gcloud alpha spanner databases set-iam-policy my-database-id \
            --instance=my-instance-id policy.json

    See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing-policies for details of the
    policy file format and contents.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Database resource - The Cloud Spanner database to set IAM policy binding
     for. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
     this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument database on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DATABASE
          ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database.

          To set the database attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument database on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument database on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line;
          ▸ set the property spanner/instance.

     POLICY_FILE
        Name of JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud spanner databases set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud beta spanner databases set-iam-policy

