NAME
    gcloud alpha assured workloads violations describe - describe an Assured
        Workloads compliance violation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha assured workloads violations describe
        (VIOLATION : --location=LOCATION
          --organization=ORGANIZATION --workload=WORKLOAD)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Obtain details about a given compliance violation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an Assured Workloads Violation in the us-central1 region,
    belonging to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456, with
    violation ID 789, run:

        $ gcloud alpha assured workloads violations describe \
            organizations/123/locations/us-central1/workloads/456/\
        violations/789

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Violation resource - The Assured Workloads violation resource to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       VIOLATION
          ID of the violation or fully qualified identifier for the violation.

          To set the violation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument violation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the violation.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument violation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The parent organization for the violation.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument violation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line.

       --workload=WORKLOAD
          The workload for the violation.

          To set the workload attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument violation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workload on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud assured workloads violations describe

        $ gcloud beta assured workloads violations describe

