NAME
    gcloud alpha compute firewall-policies - manage Compute Engine organization
        firewall policies

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute firewall-policies GROUP | COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Manage Compute Engine organization firewall policies. Organization
    firewall policies are used to control incoming/outgoing traffic.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     associations
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine organization firewall policy
        associations.

     mirroring-rules
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine organization firewall policy
        packet mirroring rules.

     rules
        (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine organization firewall policy
        rules.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     clone-rules
        (ALPHA) Replace the rules of a Compute Engine organization firewall
        policy with rules from another policy.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a Compute Engine organization firewall policy.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a Compute Engine organization firewall policy.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe a Compute Engine organization firewall policy.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Compute Engine organization firewall policies.

     list-rules
        (ALPHA) List the rules of a Compute Engine organization firewall
        policy.

     move
        (ALPHA) Move a Compute Engine organization firewall policy.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a Compute Engine organization firewall policy.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute firewall-policies

        $ gcloud beta compute firewall-policies

