NAME
    gcloud alpha managed-kafka connectors resume - resumes operation of a
        stopped Managed Service for Apache Kafka connector

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha managed-kafka connectors resume
        (CONNECTOR : --connect-cluster=CONNECT_CLUSTER --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Resumes operation of a stopped Managed Service for Apache Kafka
    connector.

EXAMPLES
    To resume a connector named myconnector located in us-central1, run the
    following:

        $ gcloud alpha managed-kafka connectors resume myconnector \
            --location=us-central1 --connect-cluster=mycluster

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Connector resource - Identifies the connector to resume. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument connector on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONNECTOR
          ID of the connector or fully qualified identifier for the connector.

          To set the connector attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connector on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --connect-cluster=CONNECT_CLUSTER
          The connect cluster name.

          To set the connect-cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connector on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --connect-cluster on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location of the Managed Service for Apache Kafka resource.
          See
          https://cloud.google.com/managed-service-for-apache-kafka/docs/locations
          for a list of supported locations.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connector on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedkafka/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-service-for-apache-kafka/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

