NAME
    gcloud alpha apigee developers describe - describe an Apigee developer

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apigee developers describe
        (DEVELOPER : --organization=ORGANIZATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe an Apigee developer.

    gcloud alpha apigee developers describe retrieves the developer's details,
    including the developer's name, email address, apps, and other information.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a developer for the active Cloud Platform project whose email
    address is larry@example.com, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee developers describe larry@example.com

    To describe that developer in the Apigee organization my-org, formatted as
    a JSON object, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee developers describe larry@example.com \
          --organization=my-org --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Developer resource - Email address of the developer to be described. To
     get a list of available developers, run gcloud alpha apigee developers
     list. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
     this resource.

     This must be specified.

       DEVELOPER
          ID of the developer or fully qualified identifier for the developer.

          To set the developer attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument DEVELOPER on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the developer. If unspecified, the
          Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument DEVELOPER on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
            the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
            Apigee organization.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud apigee developers describe

        $ gcloud beta apigee developers describe

