NAME
    gcloud alpha data-catalog tag-templates describe - describe a Data Catalog
        tag template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha data-catalog tag-templates describe
        (TAG_TEMPLATE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) This command is deprecated. Please use gcloud dataplex
    aspect-types instead.

    Describe a Data Catalog tag template.

EXAMPLES
    Describe a tag template:

        $ gcloud alpha data-catalog tag-templates describe TEMPLATE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tag template resource - Tag template to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument tag_template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TAG_TEMPLATE
          ID of the tag template or fully qualified identifier for the tag
          template.

          To set the tag_template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag_template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the tag template.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag_template on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the datacatalog/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud data-catalog tag-templates describe

        $ gcloud beta data-catalog tag-templates describe

