NAME
    gcloud alpha workstations stop - stop a workstation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha workstations stop
        (WORKSTATION : --cluster=CLUSTER --config=CONFIG --region=REGION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Stop a workstation.

EXAMPLES
    To stop a workstation, run

        $ gcloud alpha workstations stop WORKSTATION

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workstation resource - The group of arguments defining a workstation The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument workstation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WORKSTATION
          ID of the workstation or fully qualified identifier for the
          workstation.

          To set the workstation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workstation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --cluster=CLUSTER
          The cluster for the workstation.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workstation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --cluster on the command line;
          ▸ set the property workstations/cluster.

       --config=CONFIG
          The config for the workstation.

          To set the config attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workstation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --config on the command line;
          ▸ set the property workstations/config.

       --region=REGION
          The location for the workstation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workstation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property workstations/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud workstations stop

        $ gcloud beta workstations stop

