NAME
    gcloud beta container hub scopes rbacrolebindings describe - show fleet
        scope RBAC RoleBinding information

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container hub scopes rbacrolebindings describe
        (NAME : --location=LOCATION --scope=SCOPE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The RoleBinding specified does not exist in the project.
      ▪ The caller does not have permission to access the RoleBinding.

EXAMPLES
    To print metadata for RBAC RoleBinding RBRB in the scope SCOPE, run:

        $ gcloud beta container hub scopes rbacrolebindings describe RBRB \
            --scope=SCOPE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Rbacrolebinding resource - The group of arguments defining an
     RBACRoleBinding. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the rbacrolebinding or fully qualified identifier for the
          rbacrolebinding.

          To set the rbacrolebinding attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location for the rbacrolebinding.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

       --scope=SCOPE
          Name of the rbacrolebinding.

          To set the scope attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --scope on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container hub scopes rbacrolebindings describe

        $ gcloud alpha container hub scopes rbacrolebindings describe

