NAME
    gcloud container ai profiles - quickstart engine for GKE AI workloads

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud container ai profiles GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    The GKE Inference Quickstart helps simplify deploying AI inference on
    Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). It provides tailored profiles based on
    Google's internal benchmarks. Provide inputs like your preferred
    open-source model (e.g. Llama, Gemma, or Mistral) and your application's
    performance target. Based on these inputs, the quickstart generates
    accelerator choices with performance metrics, and detailed, ready-to-deploy
    profiles for compute, load balancing, and autoscaling. These profiles are
    provided as standard Kubernetes YAML manifests, which you can deploy or
    modify.

    To visualize the benchmarking data that support these estimates, see the
    accompanying Colab notebook:
    https://colab.research.google.com/github/GoogleCloudPlatform/kubernetes-engine-samples/blob/main/ai-ml/notebooks/giq_visualizations.ipynb

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     benchmarks
        Manage benchmarks for GKE Inference Quickstart.

     manifests
        Generate optimized Kubernetes manifests.

     model-server-versions
        Manage supported model server versions for GKE Inference Quickstart.

     model-servers
        Manage supported model servers for GKE Inference Quickstart.

     models
        Manage supported models for GKE Inference Quickstart.

     serving-stack-versions
        List supported serving stack versions for GKE Inference Quickstart.

     serving-stacks
        List supported serving stacks for GKE Inference Quickstart.

     use-case
        List supported use cases for GKE Inference Quickstart.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     list
        List compatible accelerator profiles.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container ai profiles

