NAME
    gcloud alpha ai model-monitoring-jobs describe - get detailed model
        deployment monitoring job information about the given job id

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ai model-monitoring-jobs describe
        (MONITORING_JOB : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get detailed model deployment monitoring job information about the
    given job id.

EXAMPLES
    Describe a model deployment monitoring job 123 of project example in region
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha ai model-monitoring-jobs describe 123 \
            --project=example --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Monitoring job resource - The model deployment monitoring job to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument monitoring_job on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MONITORING_JOB
          ID of the monitoring_job or fully qualified identifier for the
          monitoring_job.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument monitoring_job on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the monitoring_job.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument monitoring_job on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property ai/region;
          ▸ choose one from the prompted list of available regions.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud ai model-monitoring-jobs describe

        $ gcloud beta ai model-monitoring-jobs describe

