NAME
    gcloud alpha monitoring channel-descriptors describe - describe a
        notification channel descriptor

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha monitoring channel-descriptors describe DESCRIPTOR
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describes a notification channel type by fetching its descriptor.

EXAMPLES
    The following command obtains the descriptor for the email channel type:

        $ gcloud alpha monitoring channel-descriptors describe email

    The following command obtains the descriptor for the sms channel type:

        $ gcloud alpha monitoring channel-descriptors describe sms

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Channel descriptor resource - The notification channel descriptor to
     describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument descriptor on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DESCRIPTOR
          ID of the channel_descriptor or fully qualified identifier for the
          channel_descriptor.

          To set the descriptor attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument descriptor on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the monitoring/v3 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta monitoring channel-descriptors describe

