NAME
    gcloud alpha iot devices credentials clear - delete all credentials from a
        device

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iot devices credentials clear
        (--device=DEVICE : --region=REGION --registry=REGISTRY)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Delete all credentials from a device.

    This command is deprecated. Google Cloud IoT Core has been retired.

EXAMPLES
    To delete all credentials from a device in region 'us-central1', run:

        $ gcloud alpha iot devices credentials clear --region=us-central1 \
            --registry=my-registry --device=my-device

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Device resource - The device for which to clear credentials. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --device on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --device=DEVICE
          ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device.

          To set the device attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --device on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the device.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --device on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

       --registry=REGISTRY
          The device registry for the device.

          To set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --device on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --registry on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iot devices credentials clear

        $ gcloud beta iot devices credentials clear

