NAME
    gcloud alpha network-services operations wait - poll a Network Services
        long running operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-services operations wait
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Poll a Network Services long running operation.

EXAMPLES
    The following command polls an operation with the full name OPERATION_NAME:

        $ gcloud alpha network-services operations wait OPERATION_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Name of the operation to poll. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud network-services operations wait

        $ gcloud beta network-services operations wait

