NAME
    gcloud beta container hub - centrally manage features and services on all
        your Kubernetes clusters with fleet

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container hub GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) The command group to register GKE or other Kubernetes clusters
    running in a variety of environments, including Google cloud, on premises
    in customer datacenters, or other third party clouds with fleet. Fleet
    provides a centralized control-plane to managed features and services on
    all registered clusters.

    A registered cluster is always associated with a Membership, a resource
    within fleet.

EXAMPLES
    Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes clusters with
    fleet:

        $ gcloud beta container hub memberships --help

    Manage Config Management feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud beta container hub config-management --help

    Manage Multi-cluster Ingress feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud beta container hub ingress --help

    Manage Multi-cluster Services feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud beta container hub multi-cluster-services --help

    Manage CloudRun feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud beta container hub cloudrun --help

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     cloudrun
        (BETA) Manage the CloudRun feature.

     clusterupgrade
        (BETA) Configure the Fleet clusterupgrade feature.

     config-management
        (BETA) Use the Config Management feature.

     dataplane-v2-encryption
        (BETA) Manage Dataplane V2 Encryption Feature.

     features
        (BETA) Manage Hub Feature resources.

     fleetobservability
        (BETA) Manage Fleet Observability Feature.

     identity-service
        (BETA) Manage Identity Service Feature.

     ingress
        (BETA) Manage Multi-cluster Ingress Feature.

     memberships
        (BETA) Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes clusters
        with fleets.

     mesh
        (BETA) Manage Service Mesh Feature.

     multi-cluster-services
        (BETA) Manage Multi-cluster Services Feature.

     operations
        (BETA) Manage Anthos fleet long-running operations.

     packages
        (BETA) Manage Fleet Packages resources.

     policycontroller
        (BETA) Manage Policy Controller Feature.

     rbacrolebindingactuation
        (BETA) Manage RbacRoleBinding Actuation.

     rollouts
        (BETA) Create and manage rollouts.

     rolloutsequences
        (BETA) Create and manage rollout sequences.

     scopes
        (BETA) Manage scopes of all your GKE fleets.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     create
        (BETA) Create a fleet.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete a fleet.

     describe
        (BETA) Show fleet info.

     list
        (BETA) List fleets visible to the user in an organization.

     update
        (BETA) Update a fleet.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container hub

        $ gcloud alpha container hub

