NAME
    gcloud alpha network-connectivity spokes delete - delete a spoke

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-connectivity spokes delete (SPOKE : --region=REGION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete the specified spoke.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a spoke with name myspoke in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha network-connectivity spokes delete myspoke \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Spoke resource - Name of the spoke to be deleted. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument spoke on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SPOKE
          ID of the spoke or fully qualified identifier for the spoke.

          To set the spoke attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument spoke on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The location Id.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument spoke on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkconnectivity/v1alpha1 API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/network-connectivity/docs/reference/networkconnectivity/rest

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud network-connectivity spokes delete

