NAME
    gcloud beta iam workload-identity-pools providers describe - describe a
        workload identity pool provider

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iam workload-identity-pools providers describe
        (PROVIDER : --location=LOCATION
          --workload-identity-pool=WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a workload identity pool provider.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes the workload identity pool provider with
    the ID my-workload-identity-pool-provider:

        $ gcloud beta iam workload-identity-pools providers describe \
            my-workload-identity-pool-provider \
            --workload-identity-pool="my-workload-identity-pool" \
            --location="global"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workload identity pool provider resource - The workload identity pool
     provider to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument provider on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       PROVIDER
          ID of the workload identity pool provider or fully qualified
          identifier for the workload identity pool provider. To set the
          provider attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument provider on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument provider on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --workload-identity-pool=WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL
          The ID to use for the pool, which becomes the final component of the
          resource name. This value should be 4-32 characters, and may contain
          the characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by
          Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workload-identity-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument provider on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workload-identity-pool on the command
            line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1beta API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iam workload-identity-pools providers describe

        $ gcloud alpha iam workload-identity-pools providers describe

