NAME
    gcloud beta iot registries describe - show details about a device registry

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iot registries describe (REGISTRY : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Show details about a device registry.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a device registry, run:

        $ gcloud beta iot registries describe my-registry \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registry resource - The device registry to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registry on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRY
          ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry. To
          set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the registry. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iot registries describe

        $ gcloud alpha iot registries describe

