NAME
    gcloud alpha service-extensions wasm-actions delete - delete a WasmAction
        resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha service-extensions wasm-actions delete
        (WASM_ACTION : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a WasmAction resource.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a WasmAction called 'my-wasm-action', run:

        $ gcloud alpha service-extensions wasm-actions delete my-wasm-action

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     WasmAction resource - The WasmAction to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument wasm_action on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       WASM_ACTION
          ID of the WasmAction or fully qualified identifier for the
          WasmAction.

          To set the wasm_action attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument wasm_action on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location ID.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument wasm_action on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ use global location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

