NAME
    gcloud alpha bigtable backups describe - retrieves information about a
        backup

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bigtable backups describe
        (BACKUP : --cluster=CLUSTER --instance=INSTANCE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Retrieves information about a backup.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a backup, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bigtable backups describe BACKUP_NAME \
            --instance=INSTANCE_NAME --cluster=CLUSTER_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup resource - Cloud Bigtable backup to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP
          ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. To set
          the backup attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --cluster=CLUSTER
          The name of the Cloud Bigtable cluster. To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --cluster on the command line.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance. To set the instance
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the bigtableadmin/v2 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud bigtable backups describe

        $ gcloud beta bigtable backups describe

