NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub policycontroller content templates enable -
        installs the template library for Policy Controller

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub policycontroller content templates enable
        [--all-memberships
          | [--memberships=[MEMBERSHIPS,...] : --location=LOCATION]]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Google-defined template library can be installed onto Policy
    Controller installations. To uninstall the template library, use the
    disable command.

EXAMPLES
    To install a template library:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub policycontroller content templates \
            enable

FLAGS
     Membership flags.

     At most one of these can be specified:

       --all-memberships
          If supplied, apply to all Policy Controllers memberships in the
          fleet.

       Membership resource - The group of arguments defining one or more
       memberships. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
       attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
       arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

       To set the project attribute:
        ▸ provide the argument --memberships on the command line with a fully
          specified name;
        ▸ provide the argument --project on the command line;
        ▸ set the property core/project.

         --memberships=[MEMBERSHIPS,...]
            IDs of the memberships or fully qualified identifiers for the
            memberships.

            To set the memberships attribute:
            ▫ provide the argument --memberships on the command line.

            This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments
            in this group are specified.

         --location=LOCATION
            Location for the memberships.

            To set the location attribute:
            ▫ provide the argument --memberships on the command line with a
              fully specified name;
            ▫ provide the argument --location on the command line;
            ▫ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta container hub policycontroller content templates enable

