NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc session-templates delete - delete a session template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc session-templates delete
        (SESSION_TEMPLATE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    The following command deletes the session template
    example-session-template:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc session-templates delete \
            example-session-template

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Session template resource - The session template to delete. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument session_template on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SESSION_TEMPLATE
          ID of the session template or fully qualified identifier for the
          session template.

          To set the session_template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument session_template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Dataproc location for the session template. Each Dataproc location
          constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
          deploying instances into Compute Engine zones inside the location.
          Overrides the default dataproc/location property value for this
          command invocation.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument session_template on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

