NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc session-templates export - export a session template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc session-templates export
        (SESSION_TEMPLATE : --location=LOCATION) [--destination=DESTINATION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Exporting a session template is similar to describing one, except
    that export omits output only fields, such as the template id and resource
    name. This is to allow piping the output of export directly into import,
    which requires that output only fields are omitted.

EXAMPLES
    The following command saves the contents of session template
    example-session-template to a file so that it can be imported later:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc session-templates export \
            example-session-template --destination=saved-template.yaml

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Session template resource - The session template to export. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument session_template on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SESSION_TEMPLATE
          ID of the session template or fully qualified identifier for the
          session template.

          To set the session_template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument session_template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Dataproc location for the session template. Each Dataproc location
          constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
          deploying instances into Compute Engine zones inside the location.
          Overrides the default dataproc/location property value for this
          command invocation.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument session_template on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/location.

FLAGS
     --destination=DESTINATION
        Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported.
        Alternatively, you may omit this flag to write to standard output.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

