NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc session-templates import - import a session template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc session-templates import
        (SESSION_TEMPLATE : --location=LOCATION) [--source=SOURCE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) If the specified session template already exists, it will be
    overwritten. Otherwise, a new session template will be created. To edit an
    existing session template, you can export the session template to a file,
    edit its configuration, and then import the new configuration.

    This command does not allow output only fields, such as template id and
    resource name. It populates the id field based on the resource name
    specified as the first command line argument.

EXAMPLES
    The following command creates or updates the contents of session template
    example-session-template based on a yaml file:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc session-templates import \
            example-session-template --source=saved-template.yaml

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Session template resource - The session template to import. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument session_template on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SESSION_TEMPLATE
          ID of the session template or fully qualified identifier for the
          session template.

          To set the session_template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument session_template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Dataproc location for the session template. Each Dataproc location
          constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
          deploying instances into Compute Engine zones inside the location.
          Overrides the default dataproc/location property value for this
          command invocation.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument session_template on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/location.

FLAGS
     --source=SOURCE
        Path to a YAML file containing configuration export data.
        Alternatively, you may omit this flag to read from standard input.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

