NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking subnets describe - show details about
        the Distributed Cloud Edge Network subnet

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking subnets describe
        (SUBNET : --location=LOCATION --zone=ZONE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details about the Distributed Cloud Edge Network subnet.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a subnet named 'my-subnet' in the edge zone
    'us-central1-edge-den1', run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking subnets describe my-subnet \
            --location=us-central1 --zone=us-central1-edge-den1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Subnet resource - The subnet you want to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument subnet on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SUBNET
          ID of the subnet or fully qualified identifier for the subnet. To set
          the subnet attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subnet on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The global location name. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subnet on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --zone=ZONE
          The name of the Google Distributed Cloud Edge zone. To set the zone
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subnet on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgenetwork/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/distributed-cloud-edge/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud edge-cloud networking subnets describe

