NAME
    gcloud certificate-manager operations describe - describe a long-running
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud certificate-manager operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a Certificate Manager long-running operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an operation with name simple-operation, run:

        $ gcloud certificate-manager operations describe simple-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Certificate Manager operation to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Certificate Manager location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ default value of location is [global].

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the certificatemanager/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/certificate-manager

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha certificate-manager operations describe

        $ gcloud beta certificate-manager operations describe

