NAME
    gcloud alpha compute migration disk-migrations - migrates disks to Compute
        Engine

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute migration disk-migrations COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud alpha migration vms disk-migrations command lets you
    create and manage disk migration resource. You must create a disk migration
    resource before you can migrate your disk from any migration source to a
    Compute Engine disk. The disk migration resource tracks the progress of the
    disk migration. To use this command, you must enable VM Migration API in
    your project.

    Note that this command only creates a disk migration resource. It does not
    initiate the disk migration process. After creating the disk migration
    resource, you must initiate the migration process using the run command.

    The disk is migrated to a Google Cloud Project, designated by the Target
    Project resource. To get a list of Target Projects, run the gcloud alpha
    migration vms target-projects list command. For information on adding
    target projects, see
    https://cloud.google.com/migrate/virtual-machines/docs/5.0/how-to/target-project.

    A project can support a maximum of 200 Disk/VM Migration active resources
    per project; 1000 ready disk migration resources, and 500 finished disk
    migration resources. Hence we recommend that you delete a completed disk
    migrations to avoid reaching the disk migration resources limit. Deletion
    of disk migration resource does not affect the migrated disk.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     cancel
        (ALPHA) Cancel a disk migration resource process.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a disk migration resource to migrate a disk to Compute
        Engine.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a disk migration resource.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe a disk migration resource.

     fetch-inventory
        (ALPHA) Lists source environment volume inventory.

     list
        (ALPHA) List disk migration resources.

     run
        (ALPHA) Run a disk migration resource process.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a disk migration resource target details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

