NAME
    gcloud alpha artifacts packages delete - delete an Artifact Registry
        package

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha artifacts packages delete
        (PACKAGE : --location=LOCATION --repository=REPOSITORY) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete an Artifact Registry package.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified package does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to delete packages.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a package named my-pkg under the current project, repository, and
    location, run:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts packages delete my-repo

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Package resource - The Artifact Registry package to delete. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument package on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       PACKAGE
          ID of the package or fully qualified identifier for the package.

          To set the package attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument package on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the package. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument package on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          The repository associated with the package. Overrides the default
          artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To
          configure the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set
          artifacts/repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument package on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud artifacts packages delete

        $ gcloud beta artifacts packages delete

