NAME
    gcloud alpha tasks queues set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy for a queue

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha tasks queues set-iam-policy (QUEUE : --location=LOCATION)
        POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a queue, given a
    queue and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy. If
    the given policy file specifies an "etag" value, then the replacement will
    succeed only if the policy already in place matches that etag. (An etag
    obtained via get-iam-policy will prevent the replacement if the policy for
    the queue has been subsequently updated.) A policy file that does not
    contain an etag value will replace any existing policy for the queue.

EXAMPLES
    To set the IAM policy for a queue:

        $ gcloud alpha tasks queues set-iam-policy my-queue policy-file.json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Queue resource - The queue for which to set the IAM policy. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument queue on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       QUEUE
          ID of the queue or fully qualified identifier for the queue. To set
          the queue attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument queue on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument queue on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudtasks/v2beta2 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tasks/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud tasks queues set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud beta tasks queues set-iam-policy

