NAME
    gcloud alpha apigee apis describe - describe an Apigee API proxy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apigee apis describe (API : --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [--revision=REVISION] [--verbose] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe an Apigee API proxy.

    gcloud alpha apigee apis describe shows metadata about an API proxy and its
    revisions.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name given that its matching Cloud
    Platform project has been set in gcloud settings, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe proxy-name

    To describe an API proxy called other-proxy-name in another project whose
    Apigee organization is named org-name, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe other-proxy-name \
          --organization=org-name

    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name and include details on its
    revisions, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe proxy-name --verbose

    To describe an API proxy called proxy-name as a JSON object, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe proxy-name --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     API proxy resource - API proxy to be described. To get a list of available
     API proxies, run gcloud alpha apigee apis list. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       API
          ID of the API proxy or fully qualified identifier for the API proxy.

          To set the api attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument API on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the API proxy. If unspecified, the
          Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument API on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
            the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
            Apigee organization.

FLAGS
     --revision=REVISION
        Include proxy revision info for a specific revision ID in the
        description.

     --verbose
        Include proxy revision info in the description.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud apigee apis describe

        $ gcloud beta apigee apis describe

