NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc jobs wait - view the output of a job as it runs or
        after it completes

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc jobs wait (JOB : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) View the output of a job as it runs or after it completes.

EXAMPLES
    To see a list of all jobs, run:

        $ gcloud dataproc jobs list

    To display these jobs with their respective IDs and underlying REST calls,
    run:

        $ gcloud dataproc jobs list --format "table(reference.jobId)" \
            --limit 1 --log-http

    To view the output of a job as it runs, run:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc jobs wait job_id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Job resource - The ID of the job to wait for. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       JOB
          ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job. To set the
          job attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the job. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc jobs wait

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs wait

