NAME
    gcloud alpha access-context-manager cloud-bindings update - update an
        existing cloud access binding

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha access-context-manager cloud-bindings update
        (--binding=BINDING : --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        (--level=LEVEL : --policy=POLICY) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Update an existing cloud access binding.

EXAMPLES
    To update an existing cloud access binding, run:

        $ gcloud alpha access-context-manager cloud-bindings update \
            --binding=my-binding-id --level=new-access-level

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Cloud access binding resource - The access binding to update. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       --binding=BINDING
          ID of the cloud-access-binding or fully qualified identifier for the
          cloud-access-binding. To set the binding attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --binding on the command line.

          This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
          group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The ID of the organization. To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --binding on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property access_context_manager/organization.

     Level resource - The access level to update. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       --level=LEVEL
          ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. To set
          the level attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --level on the command line.

          This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
          group are specified.

       --policy=POLICY
          The ID of the access policy. To set the policy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --level on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --policy on the command line;
          ▸ set the property access_context_manager/policy.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud access-context-manager cloud-bindings update

