NAME
    gcloud alpha netapp storage-pools describe - show metadata for a Cloud
        NetApp Storage Pool

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha netapp storage-pools describe
        (STORAGE_POOL : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show metadata for a Cloud NetApp Storage Pool.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Storage pool resource - The Storage Pool to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument storage_pool on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       STORAGE_POOL
          ID of the storage_pool or fully qualified identifier for the
          storage_pool.

          To set the storage_pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument storage_pool on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the storage_pool.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument storage_pool on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property netapp/location;
          ▸ set the property netapp/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

