NAME
    gcloud alpha ml-engine jobs describe - describe an AI Platform job

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ml-engine jobs describe JOB [--summarize]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe an AI Platform job.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the AI Platform job named my-job, run:

        gcloud alpha ml-engine jobs describe my-job

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     JOB
        Name of the job.

FLAGS
     --summarize
        Summarize job output in a set of human readable tables instead of
        rendering the entire resource as json or yaml. The tables currently
        rendered are:

        ◆ Job Overview: Overview of job including, jobId, status and create
          time.
        ◆ Training Input Summary: Summary of input for a training job
          including region, main training python module and scale tier.
        ◆ Training Output Summary: Summary of output for a training job
          including the amount of ML units consumed by the job.
        ◆ Training Output Trials: Summary of hyperparameter trials run for a
          hyperparameter tuning training job.
        ◆ Predict Input Summary: Summary of input for a prediction job
          including region, model verion and output path.
        ◆ Predict Output Summary: Summary of output for a prediction job
          including prediction count and output path.

        This flag overrides the --format flag. If both are present on the
        command line, a warning is displayed.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud ml-engine jobs describe

        $ gcloud beta ml-engine jobs describe

