NAME
    gcloud alpha apigee archives describe - describe an Apigee archive
        deployment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apigee archives describe
        (ARCHIVE_DEPLOYMENT
          : --environment=ENVIRONMENT --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe an Apigee archive deployment.

    gcloud alpha apigee archives describe shows metadata about an Apigee
    archive deployment.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an archive deployment with the id abcdef1234 in the Apigee
    environment called my-env using the active Cloud Platform project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee archives describe abcdef1234 \
          --environment=my-env

    To describe an archive deployment with the id 1234abcdef, in the Apigee
    environment called my-env, in an organization called my-org, as a JSON
    object, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee archives describe 1234abcdef \
          --environment=my-env --organization=my-org --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Archive deployment resource - Archive deployment to be described. To get a
     list of available archive deployments, run gcloud alpha apigee archives
     list. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
     this resource.

     This must be specified.

       ARCHIVE_DEPLOYMENT
          ID of the archive deployment or fully qualified identifier for the
          archive deployment. To set the archive_deployment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument archive_deployment on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --environment=ENVIRONMENT
          Deployment environment of the archive deployment. To set the
          environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument archive_deployment on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the archive deployment. If
          unspecified, the Cloud Platform project's associated organization
          will be used. To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument archive_deployment on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
            the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
            Apigee organization.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta apigee archives describe

