NAME
    gcloud alpha network-services gateways describe - describe a gateway

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-services gateways describe
        (GATEWAY : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show the details of a Network Services gateway.

EXAMPLES
    Show details about a gateway named 'my-gateway'.

        $ gcloud alpha network-services gateways describe my-gateway \
            --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Gateway resource - Name of the gateway to be described. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument gateway on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       GATEWAY
          ID of the gateway or fully qualified identifier for the gateway. To
          set the gateway attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument gateway on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument gateway on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

