NAME
    gcloud alpha game servers configs describe - describe a Game Server Config

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha game servers configs describe
        (CONFIG : --deployment=DEPLOYMENT --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Cloud Game Server Config.

EXAMPLES
    To describe Game Server Config 'my-config' in project 'my-project',
    deployment 'my-deployment' and location 'global'(configs only support the
    'global' location), run:

        $ gcloud alpha game servers configs describe my-config \
            --project=my-project --deployment=my-deployment \
            --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Game server config resource - Cloud Game Server Config to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument config on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       CONFIG
          ID of the game server config or fully qualified identifier for the
          game server config. To set the config attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument config on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --deployment=DEPLOYMENT
          Cloud Game Servers Deployment. To set the deployment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument config on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --deployment on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument config on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property game_services/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gameservices/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud game servers configs describe

        $ gcloud beta game servers configs describe

