NAME
    gcloud beta managed-kafka topics delete - delete a Managed Service for
        Apache Kafka topic

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta managed-kafka topics delete
        (TOPIC : --cluster=CLUSTER --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete a Managed Service for Apache Kafka topic.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a topic in a cluster named mycluster located in us-central1, run
    the following:

        $ gcloud beta managed-kafka topics delete mytopic \
            --cluster=mycluster --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Topic resource - Identifies the topic for deletion. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument topic on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TOPIC
          ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.

          To set the topic attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument topic on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --cluster=CLUSTER
          The cluster name.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument topic on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --cluster on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location of the Managed Service for Apache Kafka resource.
          See https://cloud.google.com/managed-kafka/docs/locations for a list
          of supported locations.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument topic on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedkafka/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed-kafka

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha managed-kafka topics delete

