NAME
    gcloud kms keys describe - get metadata for a given key

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud kms keys describe (KEY : --keyring=KEYRING --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Returns metadata for the given key.

EXAMPLES
    The following command returns metadata for the key frodo within the keyring
    fellowship in the location us-east1:

        $ gcloud kms keys describe frodo --keyring=fellowship \
            --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Key resource - The KMS key resource. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEY
          ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. To set the
          key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --keyring=KEYRING
          The KMS keyring of the key. To set the keyring attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --keyring on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the key. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha kms keys describe

        $ gcloud beta kms keys describe

