NAME
    gcloud kms keys set-primary-version - set the primary version of a key

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud kms keys set-primary-version
        (KEY : --keyring=KEYRING --location=LOCATION) --version=VERSION
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Sets the specified version as the primary version of the given key. The
    version is specified by its version number assigned on creation.

EXAMPLES
    The following command sets version 9 as the primary version of the key
    samwise within keyring fellowship and location global:

        $ gcloud kms keys set-primary-version samwise --version=9 \
            --keyring=fellowship --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Key resource - The KMS key resource. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEY
          ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key.

          To set the key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --keyring=KEYRING
          The KMS keyring of the key.

          To set the keyring attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --keyring on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Google Cloud location for the key.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --version=VERSION
        Version to make primary.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha kms keys set-primary-version

        $ gcloud beta kms keys set-primary-version

