NAME
    gcloud alpha data-catalog tag-templates fields delete - delete a Data
        Catalog tag template field

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha data-catalog tag-templates fields delete
        (FIELD : --location=LOCATION --tag-template=TAG_TEMPLATE) [--force]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Data Catalog tag template field.

EXAMPLES
    Delete a tag template field:

        $ gcloud alpha data-catalog tag-templates fields delete FIELD

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tag template field resource - Tag template field to delete. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument field on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       FIELD
          ID of the tag template field or fully qualified identifier for the
          tag template field.

          To set the field attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument field on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the tag template field.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument field on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --tag-template=TAG_TEMPLATE
          Tag template of the tag template field.

          To set the tag-template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument field on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --tag-template on the command line.

FLAGS
     --force
        If True, this tag template field will be deleted from any existing
        tags.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the datacatalog/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud data-catalog tag-templates fields delete

        $ gcloud beta data-catalog tag-templates fields delete

