NAME
    gcloud alpha number-registry registry-books describe - gets details of a
        single registry book resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha number-registry registry-books describe
        (REGISTRY_BOOK : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Gets details of a single registry book resource.

EXAMPLES
    To get the details of a single registry book my-registry-book in location
    global run:

        $ gcloud alpha number-registry registry-books describe \
            my-registry-book --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     RegistryBook resource - Name of the resource The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registry_book on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRY_BOOK
          ID of the registryBook or fully qualified identifier for the
          registryBook.

          To set the registry_book attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry_book on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          locations TBD

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry_book on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudnumberregistry/v1alpha API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at: http://go/cloud-number-registry

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

