NAME
    gcloud dataplex datascans delete - delete a Dataplex Datascan resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataplex datascans delete (DATASCAN : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a Dataplex Datascan resource.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Dataplex Datascan test-datascan in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud dataplex datascans delete test-datascan \
          --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Datascan resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex Datascan
     you want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument datascan on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DATASCAN
          ID of the datascan or fully qualified identifier for the datascan.

          To set the datascan attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument datascan on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument datascan on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex datascans delete

