NAME
    gcloud dataplex datascans describe - describe a Dataplex datascan resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataplex datascans describe (DATASCAN : --location=LOCATION)
        [--view=VIEW] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Displays all details of a Dataplex Datascan resource given a valid Datascan
    ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataplex Datascan test-datascan in project test-project
    location us-central1 , run:

        $ gcloud dataplex datascans describe test-datascan \
          --project=test-project --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Datascan resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex Datascan
     you want to retrieve. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument datascan on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       DATASCAN
          ID of the datascan or fully qualified identifier for the datascan.

          To set the datascan attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument datascan on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument datascan on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

FLAGS
     --view=VIEW
        Displays spec data based on the argument value. The default view is
        'basic'. VIEW must be one of:

         basic
            Does not include spec data in response.

         full
            Includes spec data in response.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex datascans describe

