NAME
    gcloud debug - commands for interacting with the Cloud Debugger

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud debug GROUP [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    The gcloud debug command group provides interaction with Cloud Debugger,
    allowing you to list and manipulate debugging targets, snapshots and
    logpoints.

    Cloud Debugger is a feature of Google Cloud that lets you inspect the state
    of an application at any code location without using logging statements and
    without stopping or slowing down your applications.

    More information on Cloud Debugger can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/debugger and detailed documentation can be found
    here: https://cloud.google.com/debugger/docs/

EXAMPLES
    To view all available debug targets, run:

        $ gcloud debug targets list

        NAME           ID             DESCRIPTION
        default-test   gcp:1234:5678  myproject-test-9876543
        default-test2  gcp:9012:3456  myproject-test2-1234567

    To create a snapshot for a particular target:

        $ gcloud debug snapshots create --target=default-test foo.py:12

    Note that if there is not a target with the exact name or ID specified, the
    target is treated as a regular expression to match against the name or
    description:

        $ gcloud debug snapshots create --target=test foo.py:12

        ERROR: (gcloud.beta.debug.snapshots.create) Multiple possible targets found.
        Use the --target option to select one of the following targets:
            default-test
            default-test2

        In the above case, "test" matches both targets' names. Specifying 'test$'
        would match only "default-test" (by name), while "9876" would match
        "default-test" by description.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     logpoints
        Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger logpoints.

     snapshots
        Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger snapshots.

     source
        Commands to manage source information for Cloud Debugger.

     targets
        Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger debug targets.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta debug

