NAME
    gcloud beta compute interconnects macsec update - update a Compute Engine
        interconnect MACsec configuration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta compute interconnects macsec update NAME [--enabled]
        [--fail-open] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) gcloud beta compute interconnects macsec update is used to update
    MACsec configuration of interconnect. An interconnect represents a single
    specific connection between Google and the customer.

    For an example, refer to the EXAMPLES section below.

EXAMPLES
    To enable MACsec on an interconnect, run:

        $ gcloud beta compute interconnects macsec update \
            example-interconnect --enabled

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the interconnect to update.

FLAGS
     --enabled
        Enable or disable MACsec on this Interconnect. MACsec enablement will
        fail if the MACsec configuration is not specified. Use --no-enabled to
        disable it.

     --fail-open
        If enabled, the Interconnect will be configured with a should-secure
        MACsec security policy, that allows the Google router to fallback to
        cleartext traffic if the MKA session cannot be established. By default,
        the Interconnect will be configured with a must-secure security policy
        that drops all traffic if the MKA session cannot be established with
        your router. Use --no-fail-open to disable it.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute interconnects macsec update

        $ gcloud alpha compute interconnects macsec update

