NAME
    gcloud beta developer-connect connections delete - delete a single
        connection

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta developer-connect connections delete
        (CONNECTION : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [--etag=ETAG]
        [--request-id=REQUEST_ID] [--validate-only] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete a single connection.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a connection my-comection in location us-central1 run:

        $ gcloud beta developer-connect connections delete my-connection \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Connection resource - Name of the resource The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument connection on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONNECTION
          ID of the connection or fully qualified identifier for the
          connection.

          To set the connection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connection on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the connection resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connection on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --etag=ETAG
        The current etag of the Connection. If an etag is provided and does not
        match the current etag of the Connection, deletion will be blocked and
        an ABORTED error will be returned.

     --request-id=REQUEST_ID
        An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request
        ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to
        ignore the request if it has already been completed. The server will
        guarantee that for at least 60 minutes after the first request.

        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and
        the request times out. If you make the request again with the same
        request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same
        request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request.
        This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.

        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID
        is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

     --validate-only
        If set, validate the request, but do not actually post it.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the developerconnect/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    http://cloud.google.com/developer-connect/docs/overview

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha developer-connect connections delete

