NAME
    gcloud beta developer-connect connections describe - get details of a
        single connection resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta developer-connect connections describe
        (CONNECTION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Get details of a single connection resource.

EXAMPLES
    To get the details of a single conenction my-connection in location
    us-central1 run:

        $ gcloud beta developer-connect connections describe my-connection \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Connection resource - Name of the resource The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument connection on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONNECTION
          ID of the connection or fully qualified identifier for the
          connection.

          To set the connection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connection on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the connection resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connection on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the developerconnect/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    http://cloud.google.com/developer-connect/docs/overview

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha developer-connect connections describe

