NAME
    gcloud alpha compute future-reservations describe - show details about a
        Compute Engine future reservation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute future-reservations describe
        (FUTURE_RESERVATION : --zone=ZONE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details about a Compute Engine future reservation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a given Compute Engine future reservation, run:

        $ gcloud alpha compute future-reservations describe my-reservation \
            --zone=ZONE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Future reservation resource - The name of the future reservation to
     describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument future_reservation on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       FUTURE_RESERVATION
          ID of the future reservation or fully qualified identifier for the
          future reservation.

          To set the future_reservation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument future_reservation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument future_reservation on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the compute/alpha API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/compute/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

