NAME
    gcloud iam workforce-pools providers describe - describe a workforce pool
        provider

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iam workforce-pools providers describe
        (PROVIDER : --location=LOCATION --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a workforce pool provider.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes a workforce pool provider with the ID
    my-workforce-pool-provider:

        $ gcloud iam workforce-pools providers describe \
            my-workforce-pool-provider \
            --workforce-pool="my-workforce-pool" --location="global"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workforce pool provider resource - The workforce pool provider to
     describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       PROVIDER
          ID of the workforce pool provider or fully qualified identifier for
          the workforce pool provider.

          To set the provider attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument provider on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the workforce pool.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument provider on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL
          The ID to use for the workforce pool, which becomes the final
          component of the resource name. This value must be a globally unique
          string of 6 to 63 lowercase letters, digits, or hyphens. It must
          start with a letter, and cannot have a trailing hyphen. The prefix
          gcp- is reserved for use by Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workforce-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument provider on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workforce-pool on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha iam workforce-pools providers describe

        $ gcloud beta iam workforce-pools providers describe

