NAME
    gcloud edge-cloud networking subnets describe - show details about the
        Distributed Cloud Edge Network subnet

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud edge-cloud networking subnets describe
        (SUBNET : --location=LOCATION --zone=ZONE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Show details about the Distributed Cloud Edge Network subnet.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a subnet named 'my-subnet' in the edge zone
    'us-central1-edge-den1', run:

        $ gcloud edge-cloud networking subnets describe my-subnet \
            --location=us-central1 --zone=us-central1-edge-den1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Subnet resource - The subnet you want to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument subnet on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SUBNET
          ID of the subnet or fully qualified identifier for the subnet.

          To set the subnet attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subnet on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The global location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subnet on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --zone=ZONE
          The name of the Google Distributed Cloud Edge zone.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subnet on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgenetwork/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/distributed-cloud-edge/docs

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking subnets describe

