NAME
    gcloud functions remove-invoker-policy-binding - removes an invoker binding
        from the IAM policy of a Google Cloud Function

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud functions remove-invoker-policy-binding (NAME : --region=REGION)
        --member=PRINCIPAL [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    This command applies to Cloud Functions 2nd gen only.

EXAMPLES
    To remove the invoker role policy binding for FUNCTION-1 for member
    MEMBER-1 run:

        $ gcloud functions remove-invoker-policy-binding FUNCTION-1 \
            --member=MEMBER-1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Function resource - The Cloud function name to remove the invoker binding
     from. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
     this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the function or fully qualified identifier for the function.

          To set the function attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the function. Overrides the default
          functions/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property functions/region.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --member=PRINCIPAL
        The principal to remove from the IAM policy. Should be of the form
        user|group|serviceAccount:email or domain:domain.

        Examples: user:test-user@gmail.com, group:admins@example.com,
        serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com, or
        domain:example.domain.com.

        Deleted principals have an additional deleted: prefix and a ?uid=UID
        suffix, where UID is a unique identifier for the principal. Example:
        deleted:user:test-user@gmail.com?uid=123456789012345678901.

        Some resources also accept the following special values:
        ◆ allUsers - Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
          internet, with or without a Google account.
        ◆ allAuthenticatedUsers - Special identifier that represents anyone
          who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha functions remove-invoker-policy-binding

        $ gcloud beta functions remove-invoker-policy-binding

