NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cache operations describe - describe a long-running
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cache operations describe OPERATION
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a long-running operation. You can use this to inspect
    whether a create or update operation was successful or the operation
    returned any errors.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an operation with name simple-operation, run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cache operations describe simple-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - operation to describe. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line. To set the
        location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ use global location.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud edge-cache operations describe

