NAME
    gcloud alpha run worker-pools delete - delete a worker-pool

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha run worker-pools delete (WORKER_POOL : --region=REGION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a worker-pool.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a worker-pool:

        $ gcloud alpha run worker-pools delete <worker-pool-name>

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     WorkerPool resource - WorkerPool to delete. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument WORKER_POOL on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WORKER_POOL
          ID of the WorkerPool or fully qualified identifier for the
          WorkerPool.

          To set the worker-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument WORKER_POOL on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the WorkerPool. Overrides the default run/region
          property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument WORKER_POOL on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property run/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

