NAME
    gcloud alpha run worker-pools set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy for a
        worker pool

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha run worker-pools set-iam-policy (WORKERPOOL : --region=REGION)
        POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a worker pool,
    given a worker pool and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the
    IAM policy. If the given policy file specifies an "etag" value, then the
    replacement will succeed only if the policy already in place matches that
    etag. (An etag obtain via get-iam-policy will prevent the replacement if
    the policy for the worker pool has been subsequently updated.) A policy
    file that does not contain an etag value will replace any existing policy
    for the worker pool.

EXAMPLES
    The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
    'policy.json' and set it for a worker pool with identifier 'my-worker-pool'

        $ gcloud alpha run worker-pools set-iam-policy \
            --region=us-central1 my-worker-pool policy.json

    See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing-policies for details of the
    policy file format and contents.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workerpool resource - The service for which to set the IAM policy. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument workerpool on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WORKERPOOL
          ID of the workerpool or fully qualified identifier for the
          workerpool.

          To set the workerpool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workerpool on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud Run region.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workerpool on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property run/region;
          ▸ specify from a list of available regions in a prompt.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the run/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/run/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

