NAME
    gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview - cancel a
        pending or running deployment preview

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview DEPLOYMENT_NAME
        [--async] [--fingerprint=FINGERPRINT] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command will cancel a currently running or pending preview
    operation on a deployment.

EXAMPLES
    To cancel a running operation on a deployment, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview \
            my-deployment

    To issue a cancel preview command without waiting for the operation to
    complete, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview \
            my-deployment --async

    To cancel a preview command providing a fingerprint:

        $ gcloud alpha deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview \
            my-deployment --fingerprint=deployment-fingerprint

    When a deployment preview is cancelled, the deployment itself is not
    deleted.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     DEPLOYMENT_NAME
        Deployment name.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --fingerprint=FINGERPRINT
        The fingerprint to use in requests to modify a deployment. If not
        specified, a get deployment request will be made to fetch the latest
        fingerprint. A fingerprint is a randomly generated value that is part
        of the update, stop, and cancel-preview request to perform optimistic
        locking. It is initially generated by Deployment Manager and changes
        after every request to modify data. The latest fingerprint is printed
        when deployment data is modified.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview

        $ gcloud beta deployment-manager deployments cancel-preview

