NAME
    gcloud eventarc channels delete - deletes an Eventarc channel

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud eventarc channels delete (CHANNEL : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Deletes an Eventarc channel.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the channel my-channel in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud eventarc channels delete my-channel --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Channel resource - Channel to delete. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument channel on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CHANNEL
          ID of the channel or fully qualified identifier for the channel. To
          set the channel attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument channel on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the Eventarc channel, which should be either global
          or one of the supported regions. Alternatively, set the
          [eventarc/location] property. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument channel on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property eventarc/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
