NAME
    gcloud eventarc channels describe - describe an Eventarc channel

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud eventarc channels describe (CHANNEL : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Eventarc channel.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the channel my-channel in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud eventarc channels describe my-channel --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Channel resource - Channel to describe. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument channel on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CHANNEL
          ID of the channel or fully qualified identifier for the channel. To
          set the channel attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument channel on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the Eventarc channel, which should be either global
          or one of the supported regions. Alternatively, set the
          [eventarc/location] property. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument channel on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property eventarc/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
