NAME
    gcloud alpha audit-manager operations describe - describe Audit operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha audit-manager operations describe
        (OPERATION : --folder=FOLDER --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Obtain details about an audit operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an Audit operation in the us-central1 region, belonging to a
    project with ID 123, with operation ID operation-456, run:

        $ gcloud alpha audit-manager operations describe operation-456 \
            --project=123 --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. This resource can be one of the
        following types: [auditmanager.folders.locations.operationDetails,
        auditmanager.projects.locations.operationDetails].

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --folder=FOLDER
          The folder for the operation.

          To set the folder attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --folder on the command line. Must be
            specified for resource of type
            [auditmanager.folders.locations.operationDetails].

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the operation.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

