NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub memberships bindings delete - delete a
        Membership Binding

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub memberships bindings delete
        (BINDING : --location=LOCATION --membership=MEMBERSHIP)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The Membership specified does not exist.
      ▪ The Membership Binding specified does not exist.
      ▪ The caller does not have permission to access the given Membership.
      ▪ The caller did not specify the location (--location) if referring to
        location other than global.

EXAMPLES
    To delete Membership Binding BINDING_NAME in global Membership
    MEMBERSHIP_NAME for a global membership:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub memberships bindings delete \
            BINDING_NAME --membership=MEMBERSHIP_NAME

    To delete a Binding BINDING_NAME associated with regional membership
    MEMBERSHIP_NAME, provide the location LOCATION_NAME for the Membership
    where the Binding belongs along with the membership name.

        $ gcloud alpha container hub memberships bindings delete \
            BINDING_NAME --membership=MEMBERSHIP_NAME \
            --location=LOCATION_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Binding resource - The group of arguments defining a Membership Binding.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument BINDING on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BINDING
          ID of the binding or fully qualified identifier for the binding.

          To set the binding attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument BINDING on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location for the binding.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument BINDING on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

       --membership=MEMBERSHIP
          Name of the binding.

          To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument BINDING on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta container hub memberships bindings delete

