NAME
    gcloud alpha container fleet scopes describe - describe a fleet scope

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container fleet scopes describe (SCOPE : --location=LOCATION)
        [--show-cluster-upgrade | --show-linked-cluster-upgrade]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Fleet Scope.

EXAMPLES
    First retrieve the ID of the scope using the command below. The output of
    this command lists all the fleet's members, with their unique IDs in the
    Names column:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet scopes list

    Then describe it:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet scopes describe SCOPE_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Scope resource - The scope to describe. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument scope on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SCOPE
          ID of the scope or fully qualified identifier for the scope.

          To set the scope attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument scope on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument scope on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

FLAGS
     Rollout Sequencing

     At most one of these can be specified:

       --show-cluster-upgrade
          Shows the cluster upgrade feature information for the current scope.

          To view the cluster upgrade feature information for SCOPE_NAME, run:

              $ gcloud alpha container fleet scopes describe SCOPE_NAME \
                  --show-cluster-upgrade

       --show-linked-cluster-upgrade
          Shows the cluster upgrade feature information for the current scope
          as well as information for all other scopes linked in the same
          rollout sequence (provided that the caller has permission to view the
          upstream and downstream scopes that exist in other fleets). This
          displays cluster upgrade information for scopes in the current
          scope's rollout sequence in order of furthest upstream to downstream.

          To view the cluster upgrade feature information for the rollout
          sequence containing SCOPE_NAME, run:

              $ gcloud alpha container fleet scopes describe SCOPE_NAME \
                  --show-linked-cluster-upgrade

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gkehub/v1alpha API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet scopes describe

        $ gcloud beta container fleet scopes describe

