NAME
    gcloud apphub discovered-workloads describe - describe an Apphub discovered
        workload

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud apphub discovered-workloads describe
        (DISCOVERED_WORKLOAD : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Apphub discovered workload.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the DiscoveredWorkload my-discovered-workload in location
    us-east1, run:

        $ gcloud apphub discovered-workloads describe \
            my-discovered-workload --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     DiscoveredWorkload resource - The Discovered Workload ID. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument discovered_workload on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DISCOVERED_WORKLOAD
          ID of the discoveredWorkload or fully qualified identifier for the
          discoveredWorkload.

          To set the discovered_workload attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument discovered_workload on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the discoveredWorkload.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument discovered_workload on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha apphub discovered-workloads describe

