NAME
    gcloud colab runtimes delete - delete a runtime

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud colab runtimes delete (RUNTIME : --region=REGION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a Colab Enterprise notebook runtime.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a runtime with id 'my-runtime' in region 'us-central1', run:

        $ gcloud colab runtimes delete my-runtime --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Runtime resource - Unique name of the runtime to delete. This was
     optionally provided by setting --runtime-id in the create runtime command,
     or was system-generated if unspecified. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument runtime on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       RUNTIME
          ID of the runtime or fully qualified identifier for the runtime.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument runtime on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the runtime.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument runtime on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property colab/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta colab runtimes delete

