NAME
    gcloud alpha ai tensorboard-experiments describe - get detailed Tensorboard
        experiment information about the given Tensorboard experiment id

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ai tensorboard-experiments describe
        (TENSORBOARD_EXPERIMENT
          : --region=REGION --tensorboard-id=TENSORBOARD_ID)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get detailed Tensorboard experiment information about the given
    Tensorboard experiment id.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tensorboard experiment resource - The Tensorboard experiment to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument tensorboard_experiment on the command line with
        a fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TENSORBOARD_EXPERIMENT
          ID of the tensorboard_experiment or fully qualified identifier for
          the tensorboard_experiment.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tensorboard_experiment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the tensorboard_experiment.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tensorboard_experiment on the command line
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property ai/region;
          ▸ choose one from the prompted list of available regions.

       --tensorboard-id=TENSORBOARD_ID
          ID of the tensorboard for the tensorboard_experiment.

          To set the tensorboard-id attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tensorboard_experiment on the command line
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --tensorboard-id on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta ai tensorboard-experiments describe

