NAME
    gcloud alpha builds triggers export - export a build trigger

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha builds triggers export (TRIGGER : --region=REGION)
        --destination=PATH [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Export a build trigger.

EXAMPLES
    To export a build trigger to a file called trigger.yaml, run:

        $ gcloud alpha builds triggers export MY-TRIGGER \
            --destination=trigger.yaml

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Trigger resource - Build Trigger. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument TRIGGER on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TRIGGER
          ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for the trigger.

          To set the trigger attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument TRIGGER on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud location for the trigger.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument TRIGGER on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property builds/region.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --destination=PATH
        File path where trigger should be exported.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta builds triggers export

