NAME
    gcloud source-manager repos describe - describe a Secure Source Manager
        repository

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud source-manager repos describe (REPOSITORY : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Get metadata of a Secure Source Manager repository.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a repository called my-repo in location us-central1, run the
    following command:

        $ gcloud source-manager repos describe my-repo --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Repository resource - The Secure Source Manager repository to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Secure Source Manager location.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the securesourcemanager/v1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/secure-source-manager

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha source-manager repos describe

        $ gcloud beta source-manager repos describe

