NAME
    gcloud alpha domains registrations google-domains-dns
        export-dns-record-sets - export your registration's Google Domains DNS
        zone's record-sets into a file

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha domains registrations google-domains-dns
        export-dns-record-sets REGISTRATION --records-file=RECORDS_FILE
        [--zone-file-format] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Export your registration's Google Domains DNS (deprecated) zone's
    record-sets into a file. The formats you can export to are YAML records
    format (default) and BIND zone file format.

EXAMPLES
    To export DNS record-sets of example.com into a YAML file, run:

        $ gcloud domains registrations google-domains-dns \
            export-dns-record-sets example.com --records-file=records.yaml

    To export DNS record-sets of example.com into a BIND zone formatted file,
    run:

        $ gcloud domains registrations google-domains-dns \
            export-dns-record-sets example.com \
            --records-file=records.zonefile --zone-file-format

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registration resource - The domain registration to get the DNS records
     for. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRATION
          ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the
          registration.

          To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registration on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --records-file=RECORDS_FILE
        File to which record-sets should be exported.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --zone-file-format
        Indicates that records-file should be in the zone file format. When
        using this flag, expect the record-set to be exported to a BIND zone
        formatted file. If you omit this flag, the record-set is exported into
        a YAML formatted records file. Note, this format flag determines the
        format of the output recorded in the records-file; it is different from
        the global --format flag which affects console output alone.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud domains registrations google-domains-dns \
            export-dns-record-sets

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations google-domains-dns \
            export-dns-record-sets

