NAME
    gcloud alpha composer environments user-workloads-config-maps list - list
        user workloads ConfigMaps

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha composer environments user-workloads-config-maps list
        (--environment=ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) List user workloads ConfigMaps.

EXAMPLES
    To list user workloads ConfigMaps of the environment named env-1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments user-workloads-config-maps \
            list --environment=env-1

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Environment resource - The environment to list user workloads ConfigMaps.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --environment=ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment.

          To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Region where Composer environment runs or in which to create the
          environment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud composer environments user-workloads-config-maps list

        $ gcloud beta composer environments user-workloads-config-maps list

