NAME
    gcloud network-connectivity spokes accept - accept a spoke

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud network-connectivity spokes accept SPOKE [--async] [--global]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Accept a proposed or previously rejected VPC spoke. By accepting a spoke,
    you permit connectivity between the associated VPC network and other VPC
    networks that are attached to the same hub.

EXAMPLES
    To accept a spoke named myspoke, run:

        $ gcloud network-connectivity spokes accept myspoke --global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Spoke resource - Name of the spoke to accept. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument spoke on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument spoke on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --global on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SPOKE
          ID of the spoke or fully qualified identifier for the spoke.

          To set the spoke attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument spoke on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --global
        Indicates that the spoke is global.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkconnectivity/v1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/network-connectivity/docs/reference/networkconnectivity/rest
