NAME
    gcloud beta artifacts print-settings apt - print settings to add to the
        sources.list.d directory

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta artifacts print-settings apt
        [--repository=REPOSITORY : --location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Print settings to add to the sources.list.d directory for connecting
    to an Apt repository.

EXAMPLES
    To print a snippet for the repository set in the artifacts/repository
    property in the default location:

        $ gcloud beta artifacts print-settings apt

    To print a snippet for repository my-repository in the default location:

        $ gcloud beta artifacts print-settings apt \
            --repository="my-repository"

FLAGS
     Repository resource - The Artifact Registry repository. If not specified,
     the current artifacts/repository is used. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository. To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line.

          This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
          group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the repository. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts print-settings apt

