NAME
    gcloud beta composer environments storage dags delete - delete DAG files
        from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage bucket

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta composer environments storage dags delete [TARGET]
        (--environment=ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete DAG files from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage
    bucket.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the dags in the path path/to/dags, for the environment named
    environment-1 in the location us-east1, run:

        $ gcloud beta composer environments storage dags delete \
            path/to/dags --environment=environment-1 --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     [TARGET]
        A relative path to a file or subdirectory to delete within the dags
        Cloud Storage subdirectory. If not specified, the entire contents of
        the dags subdirectory will be deleted.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Environment resource - The environment whose DAGs to delete. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --environment=ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment.

          To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Region where Composer environment runs or in which to create the
          environment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud composer environments storage dags delete

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments storage dags delete

