NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc clusters diagnose - run a detailed diagnostic on a
        cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc clusters diagnose (CLUSTER : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Run a detailed diagnostic on a cluster.

EXAMPLES
    To diagnose a cluster, run:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc clusters diagnose my-cluster \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - The name of the cluster to diagnose. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the cluster. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc clusters diagnose

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters diagnose

