NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc clusters set-iam-policy - set IAM policy for a cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc clusters set-iam-policy (CLUSTER : --region=REGION)
        POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Sets the IAM policy for a cluster, given a cluster name and the
    policy.

EXAMPLES
    The following command sets the IAM policy for a cluster with the name
    example-cluster-name-1 using policy.yaml:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc clusters set-iam-policy \
            example-cluster-name-1 policy.yaml

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - The name of the cluster to set the policy on. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. To
          set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the cluster. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc clusters set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters set-iam-policy

