NAME
    gcloud beta iam service-accounts - create and manipulate service accounts

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iam service-accounts GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Create and manipulate IAM service accounts. A service account is a
    special Google account that belongs to your application or a VM, instead of
    to an individual end user. Your application uses the service account to
    call the Google API of a service, so that the users aren't directly
    involved.

    Note: Service accounts use client quotas for tracking usage.

    More information on service accounts can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     keys
        (BETA) Manage service account keys.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (BETA) Add an IAM policy binding to an IAM service account.

     create
        (BETA) Create a service account for a project.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete a service account from a project.

     describe
        (BETA) Show metadata for a service account from a project.

     disable
        (BETA) Disable an IAM service account.

     enable
        (BETA) Enable an IAM service account.

     get-iam-policy
        (BETA) Get the IAM policy for a service account.

     list
        (BETA) List all of a project's service accounts.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (BETA) Remove IAM policy binding from a service account.

     set-iam-policy
        (BETA) Set IAM policy for a service account.

     sign-blob
        (BETA) Sign a blob with a managed service account key.

     sign-jwt
        (BETA) Sign a JWT with a managed service account key.

     undelete
        (BETA) Undelete a service account for a project.

     update
        (BETA) Update an IAM service account.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iam service-accounts

        $ gcloud alpha iam service-accounts

