NAME
    gcloud beta iam service-accounts set-iam-policy - set IAM policy for a
        service account

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iam service-accounts set-iam-policy SERVICE_ACCOUNT POLICY_FILE
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a service account,
    given an IAM_ACCOUNT and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the
    IAM policy. If the given policy file specifies an "etag" value, then the
    replacement will succeed only if the policy already in place matches that
    etag. (An etag obtained via $ gcloud iam service-accounts get-iam-policy
    will prevent the replacement if the policy for the service account has been
    subsequently updated.) A policy file that does not contain an etag value
    will replace any existing policy for the service account.

    If the service account does not exist, this command returns a
    PERMISSION_DENIED error.

    When managing IAM roles, you can treat a service account either as a
    resource or as an identity. This command is to set the iam policy of a
    service account resource. There are other gcloud commands to manage IAM
    policies for other types of resources. For example, to manage IAM policies
    on a project, use the $ gcloud projects commands.

EXAMPLES
    The following command will read an IAM policy from 'policy.json' and set it
    for a service account with
    'my-iam-account@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com' as the identifier:

        $ gcloud beta iam service-accounts set-iam-policy \
            my-iam-account@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com policy.json

    See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing-policies for details of the
    policy file format and contents.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     SERVICE_ACCOUNT
        The service account whose policy to set. The account should be
        formatted either as a numeric service account ID or as an email, like
        this: 123456789876543212345 or my-iam-account@somedomain.com.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iam service-accounts set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud alpha iam service-accounts set-iam-policy

