NAME
    gcloud alpha container fleet operations describe - describe a long-running
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container fleet operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION; default="global")
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a long-running operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a long-running operation in location us-west1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet operations describe OPERATION \
            --location=us-west1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - operation to describe. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION; default="global"
          Google Cloud location for the operation.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet operations describe

        $ gcloud beta container fleet operations describe

