NAME
    gcloud alpha artifacts vpcsc-config allow - allow Artifact Registry remote
        repositories inside a service perimeter to retrieve data from their
        upstream sources outside of the perimeter

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha artifacts vpcsc-config allow [--location=LOCATION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Allow Artifact Registry remote repositories inside a service
    perimeter to retrieve data from their upstream sources outside of the
    perimeter.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ Lack of permission - "accesscontextmanager.policies.update".
      ▪ The resource could be outside of the VPC SC perimeter.
      ▪ Lack of permission - "artifactregistry.vpcscconfigs.update"

EXAMPLES
    The following command allows remote repositories in the project my-project
    and in the region us--west1 to retrieve data from upstream sources outside
    the perimeter:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts vpcsc-config allow --project=my-project \
           --location=us-west1

FLAGS
     Location resource - The Artifact Registry VPC SC config to update. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property artifacts/location with a fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud artifacts vpcsc-config allow

        $ gcloud beta artifacts vpcsc-config allow

