NAME
    gcloud alpha artifacts vpcsc-config deny - deny access to upstream sources
        outside the service perimeter for Artifact Registry remote repositories
        inside the perimeter

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha artifacts vpcsc-config deny [--location=LOCATION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Deny access to upstream sources outside the service perimeter for
    Artifact Registry remote repositories inside the perimeter.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ Lack of permission - "accesscontextmanager.policies.update".
      ▪ The resource could be outside of the VPC SC perimeter.
      ▪ Lack of permission - "artifactregistry.vpcscconfigs.update"

EXAMPLES
    The following command denies access to upstream sources outside the service
    perimeter for remote repositories in the project my-project and in the
    region us--west1:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts vpcsc-config deny --project=my-project \
           --location=us-west1

FLAGS
     Location resource - The Artifact Registry VPC SC config to update. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property artifacts/location with a fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     --location=LOCATION
        ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

        To set the location attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line;
        ◆ set the property artifacts/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud artifacts vpcsc-config deny

        $ gcloud beta artifacts vpcsc-config deny

