NAME
    gcloud beta notebook-executor executions delete - delete a notebook
        execution

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta notebook-executor executions delete
        (EXECUTION : --region=REGION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Deletes a notebook execution.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an execution with id my-execution, in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta notebook-executor executions delete my-execution \
             --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Notebook execution job resource - Unique resource name of the execution to
     delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
     of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument execution on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       EXECUTION
          ID of the notebook execution job or fully qualified identifier for
          the notebook execution job.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument execution on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the notebook execution job.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument execution on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

