NAME
    gcloud beta datastream operations delete - delete a Datastream operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta datastream operations delete (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete a Datastream operation.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an operation.

        $ gcloud beta datastream operations delete OPERATION \
          --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Operation resource - Datastream operation to delete.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the resources. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the datastream/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datastream/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud datastream operations delete

