NAME
    gcloud alpha active-directory peerings describe - describe a Managed
        Microsoft Active Directory domain peering

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha active-directory peerings describe PEERING
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show metadata for a Managed Microsoft AD domain peering.

    Displays all metadata associated with a Active Directory domain peering
    given a valid domain peering name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified domain peering does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        domain.

EXAMPLES
    The following command gets metadata for an AD domain peering with the name
    my-peering.

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory peerings describe my-peering

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Peering resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain peering you
     want to describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument peering on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       PEERING
          ID of the peering or fully qualified identifier for the peering. To
          set the peering attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument peering on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1alpha1 API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud active-directory peerings describe

        $ gcloud beta active-directory peerings describe

