NAME
    gcloud beta compute instances - read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual
        machine instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta compute instances GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

    For more information about virtual machine instances, see the virtual
    machine instances documentation
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/).

    See also: Instances API
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     bulk
        (BETA) Manipulate multiple Compute Engine virtual machines with single
        command executions.

     network-interfaces
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine instance network interfaces.

     ops-agents
        (BETA) Manage Google Cloud Observability agents for Compute Engine VM
        instances.

     os-inventory
        (BETA) Read Compute Engine OS Inventory Data and Related Resources.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-access-config
        (BETA) Create a Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (BETA) Add IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine instance.

     add-labels
        (BETA) Add labels to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     add-metadata
        (BETA) Add or update instance metadata.

     add-partner-metadata
        (BETA) Add or update partner metadata.

     add-resource-policies
        (BETA) Add resource policies to Compute Engine VM instances.

     add-tags
        (BETA) Add tags to Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     attach-disk
        (BETA) Attach a disk to an instance.

     create
        (BETA) Create Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     create-with-container
        (BETA) Creates Compute Engine virtual machine instances running
        container images.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     delete-access-config
        (BETA) Delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network
        interface.

     describe
        (BETA) Describe a virtual machine instance.

     detach-disk
        (BETA) Detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     export
        (BETA) Export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's configuration
        to a file.

     get-guest-attributes
        (BETA) Get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance.

     get-iam-policy
        (BETA) Get the IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.

     get-screenshot
        (BETA) Capture a screenshot (JPEG image) of the virtual machine
        instance's display.

     get-serial-port-output
        (BETA) Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

     get-shielded-identity
        (BETA) Get the Shielded identity for a Compute Engine instance.

     import
        (BETA) Create Compute Engine virtual machine instances from virtual
        appliance in OVA/OVF format.

     list
        (BETA) List Compute Engine instances.

     move
        (BETA) (DEPRECATED) Move an instance and its attached persistent disks
        between zones.

     patch-partner-metadata
        (BETA) Patch partner metadata.

     perform-maintenance
        (BETA) Perform maintenance of Google Compute Engine instance.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (BETA) Remove IAM policy binding from a Compute Engine instance.

     remove-labels
        (BETA) Remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine
        instances.

     remove-metadata
        (BETA) Remove instance metadata.

     remove-partner-metadata
        (BETA) Remove partner metadata.

     remove-resource-policies
        (BETA) Remove resource policies from Compute Engine VM instances.

     remove-tags
        (BETA) Remove tags from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     report-host-as-faulty
        (BETA) Report a host as faulty to start the repair process.

     reset
        (BETA) Reset a virtual machine instance.

     resume
        (BETA) Resume a virtual machine instance.

     send-diagnostic-interrupt
        (BETA) Send a diagnostic interrupt to a virtual machine instance.

     set-disk-auto-delete
        (BETA) Set auto-delete behavior for disks.

     set-iam-policy
        (BETA) Set IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.

     set-machine-type
        (BETA) Set machine type for Compute Engine virtual machines.

     set-name
        (BETA) Set the name of a Compute Engine virtual machine.

     set-scheduling
        (BETA) Set scheduling options for Compute Engine virtual machines.

     set-scopes
        (BETA) Set scopes and service account for a Compute Engine VM instance.

     simulate-maintenance-event
        (BETA) Simulate host maintenance of VM instances.

     start
        (BETA) Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

     stop
        (BETA) Stop a virtual machine instance.

     suspend
        (BETA) Suspend a virtual machine instance.

     tail-serial-port-output
        (BETA) Periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's
        serial port and display it as it becomes available.

     update
        (BETA) Update a Compute Engine virtual machine.

     update-access-config
        (BETA) Update a Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

     update-container
        (BETA) Updates Compute Engine virtual machine instances running
        container images.

     update-from-file
        (BETA) Update a Compute Engine virtual machine instance using a
        configuration file.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instances

        $ gcloud alpha compute instances

