NAME
    gcloud compute reservations delete - delete a Compute Engine reservation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute reservations delete (RESERVATION : --zone=ZONE) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a Compute Engine reservation.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a given Compute Engine reservation, run:

        $ gcloud compute reservations delete my-reservation --zone=ZONE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Reservation resource - The name of the reservation to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument reservation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       RESERVATION
          ID of the reservation or fully qualified identifier for the
          reservation. To set the reservation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument reservation on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The name of the Google Compute Engine zone. To set the zone
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument reservation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the compute/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/compute/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha compute reservations delete

        $ gcloud beta compute reservations delete

