NAME
    gcloud run domain-mappings describe - describe domain mappings for Cloud
        Run for Anthos

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud run domain-mappings describe
        (--domain=DOMAIN : --namespace=NAMESPACE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe domain mappings for Cloud Run for Anthos.

    For domain mapping support with fully managed Cloud Run, use gcloud beta
    run domain-mappings describe.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Cloud Run domain mapping, run:

        $ gcloud run domain-mappings describe --domain=www.example.com

REQUIRED FLAGS
     DomainMapping resource - Domain name is the ID of DomainMapping resource.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       --domain=DOMAIN
          ID of the DomainMapping or fully qualified identifier for the
          DomainMapping.

          To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --domain on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --namespace=NAMESPACE
          Specific to Cloud Run for Anthos: Kubernetes namespace for the
          DomainMapping.

          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --domain on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --namespace on the command line;
          ▸ set the property run/namespace;
          ▸ For Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine, defaults to "default".
            Otherwise, defaults to project ID.;
          ▸ provide the argument project on the command line;
          ▸ set the property core/project.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha run domain-mappings describe

        $ gcloud beta run domain-mappings describe

