NAME
    gcloud secrets versions describe - describe metadata about the secret
        version

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud secrets versions describe (VERSION : --secret=SECRET)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a secret version's metadata. This command does not include the
    secret version's secret data.

EXAMPLES
    Describe version '123' of the secret named 'my-secret':

        $ gcloud secrets versions describe 123 --secret=my-secret

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Version resource - Numeric secret version to describe or a configured
     alias (including 'latest' to use the latest version). The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. To
          set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --secret=SECRET
          The secret of the version. To set the secret attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --secret on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions describe

