NAME
    gcloud secrets versions destroy - destroy a secret version's metadata and
        secret data

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud secrets versions destroy (VERSION : --secret=SECRET) [--etag=ETAG]
        [--location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Destroy a secret version's metadata and secret data. This action is
    irreversible.

EXAMPLES
    Destroy version 123 of the secret named my-secret:

        $ gcloud secrets versions destroy 123 --secret=my-secret

    Destroy version 123 of the secret named my-secret using etag:

        $ gcloud secrets versions destroy 123 --secret=my-secret --etag=123

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Version resource - Numeric secret version to destroy. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version.

          To set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --secret=SECRET
          The secret of the version.

          To set the secret attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --secret on the command line.

FLAGS
     --etag=ETAG
        Current entity tag (ETag) of the secret version. If specified, the
        version is destroyed only if the ETag provided matches the current
        version's ETag.

     Location resource - The location to destroy . This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions destroy

