NAME
    gcloud secrets versions disable - disable the version of the provided
        secret

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud secrets versions disable (VERSION : --secret=SECRET) [--etag=ETAG]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Disable the version of the provided secret. It can be re-enabled with
    gcloud secrets versions enable.

EXAMPLES
    Disable version '123' of the secret named 'my-secret':

        $ gcloud secrets versions disable 123 --secret=my-secret

    Disable version '123' of the secret named 'my-secret' using etag:

        $ gcloud secrets versions disable 123 --secret=my-secret \
            --etag=\"123\"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Version resource - Numeric secret version to disable. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. To
          set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --secret=SECRET
          The secret of the version. To set the secret attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --secret on the command line.

FLAGS
     --etag=ETAG
        Current entity tag (ETag) of the secret version. If this flag is
        defined, the version is updated only if the ETag provided matched the
        current version's ETag.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions disable

