NAME
    gcloud beta iam workforce-pools operations describe - describe a workforce
        pool operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iam workforce-pools operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a workforce pool operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the long-running workforce pool operation with the ID
    my-operation, run:

        $ gcloud beta iam workforce-pools operations describe my-operation \
            --workforce-pool="my-workforce-pool" --location="global"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workforce pool operation resource - The workforce pool long-running
     operation to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the workforce pool operation or fully qualified identifier for
          the workforce pool operation. To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the workforce pool. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL
          The ID to use for the workforce pool, which becomes the final
          component of the resource name. This value must be a globally unique
          string of 6 to 63 lowercase letters, digits, or hyphens. It must
          start with a letter, and cannot have a trailing hyphen. The prefix
          gcp- is reserved for use by Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workforce-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workforce-pool on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iam workforce-pools operations describe

        $ gcloud alpha iam workforce-pools operations describe

