NAME
    gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed - read and manipulate Compute
        Engine managed instance groups

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed GROUP | COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine managed instance groups.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     all-instances-config
        (ALPHA) Override instance template settings for all instances in a
        managed instance group.

     instance-configs
        (ALPHA) Manage instance-specific settings in a managed instance group.

     rolling-action
        (ALPHA) Manipulate rolling actions on Compute Engine managed instance
        groups.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     abandon-instances
        (ALPHA) Abandon instances owned by a managed instance group.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a Compute Engine managed instance group.

     create-instance
        (ALPHA) Create a new virtual machine instance in a managed instance
        group with a defined name and optionally its stateful configuration.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     delete-instances
        (ALPHA) Delete instances that are managed by a managed instance group.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Display detailed information about an instance group.

     describe-instance
        (ALPHA) Describe an instance in a managed instance group.

     export-autoscaling
        (ALPHA) Export autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     get-named-ports
        (ALPHA) Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     list-errors
        (ALPHA) List errors produced by managed instances in a managed instance
        group.

     list-instances
        (ALPHA) List instances present in the managed instance group.

     recreate-instances
        (ALPHA) Recreate instances managed by a managed instance group.

     resize
        (ALPHA) Set managed instance group size.

     resume-instances
        (ALPHA) Resume instances owned by a managed instance group.

     set-autohealing
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Set autohealing policy for managed instance group.

     set-autoscaling
        (ALPHA) Set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     set-instance-template
        (ALPHA) Set the instance template for a managed instance group.

     set-named-ports
        (ALPHA) Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.

     set-standby-policy
        (ALPHA) Set the standby policy for a managed instance group.

     set-target-pools
        (ALPHA) Set target pools of managed instance group.

     start-instances
        (ALPHA) Start instances owned by a managed instance group.

     stop-autoscaling
        (ALPHA) Stop autoscaling a managed instance group.

     stop-instances
        (ALPHA) Stop instances owned by a managed instance group.

     suspend-instances
        (ALPHA) Suspend instances owned by a managed instance group.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a Compute Engine managed instance group.

     update-autoscaling
        (ALPHA) Update autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     update-instances
        (ALPHA) Immediately update selected instances in a Compute Engine
        managed instance group.

     wait-until
        (ALPHA) Wait until the managed instance group reaches the desired
        state.

     wait-until-stable
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Waits until state of managed instance group is
        stable.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instance-groups managed

        $ gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed

