NAME
    gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed set-instance-template - set
        the instance template for a managed instance group

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed set-instance-template NAME
        --template=TEMPLATE [--region=REGION | --zone=ZONE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed set-instance-template
    sets the instance template for an existing managed instance group.

    The new template applies to all new instances added to the managed instance
    group.

    To apply the new template to existing instances in the group, use one of
    the following methods:

      ▪ Update instances using the update-instances command.
      ▪ Recreate instances using the recreate-instances command.
      ▪ Use the rolling-action start-update command.
      ▪ Use the API to set the group's updatePolicy.type to PROACTIVE.

EXAMPLES
    Running:

        gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed set-instance-template \
        example-managed-instance-group --template=example-global-instance-template

    Sets the instance template for the 'example-managed-instance-group' group
    to a global resource 'example-global-instance-template'.

    To use a regional instance template, specify the full or partial URL of the
    template.

    Running:

        gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed set-instance-template \
        example-managed-instance-group \
        --template=projects/example-project/regions/us-central1/instanceTemplates/example-regional-instance-template

    Sets the instance template for the 'example-managed-instance-group' group
    to a regional resource 'example-regional-instance-template'.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the managed instance group to operate on.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --template=TEMPLATE
        Specifies the instance template to use when creating new instances. An
        instance template is either a global or regional resource.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     At most one of these can be specified:

       --region=REGION
          Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified,
          you might be prompted to select a region (interactive mode only).

          A list of regions can be fetched by running:

              $ gcloud compute regions list

          Overrides the default compute/region property value for this command
          invocation.

       --zone=ZONE
          Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified,
          you might be prompted to select a zone (interactive mode only).

          A list of zones can be fetched by running:

              $ gcloud compute zones list

          Overrides the default compute/zone property value for this command
          invocation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute instance-groups managed set-instance-template

        $ gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed set-instance-template

