NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates get-iam-policy - get IAM policy for
        a workflow template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates get-iam-policy
        (TEMPLATE : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Gets the IAM policy for a workflow template, given a template ID.

EXAMPLES
    The following command prints the IAM policy for a workflow template with
    the ID example-workflow:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates get-iam-policy \
            example-workflow

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Template resource - The name of the workflow template to retrieve the
     policy for. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TEMPLATE
          ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. To
          set the template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc workflow-templates get-iam-policy

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates get-iam-policy

