NAME
    gcloud beta colab runtime-templates describe - describe a runtime template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta colab runtime-templates describe
        (RUNTIME_TEMPLATE : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describes a Colab Enterprise notebook runtime template.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a runtime template with id 'my-runtime-template' in region
    'us-central1', run:

        $ gcloud beta colab runtime-templates describe my-runtime-template \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Runtime template resource - Unique name of the runtime template to
     describe. This was optionally provided by setting --runtime-template-id in
     the create runtime-template command, or was system-generated if
     unspecified. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument runtime_template on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       RUNTIME_TEMPLATE
          ID of the runtime template or fully qualified identifier for the
          runtime template.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument runtime_template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the runtime template.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument runtime_template on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

