NAME
    gcloud alpha container fleet memberships get-credentials - fetch
        credentials for a fleet-registered cluster to be used in Connect
        Gateway

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container fleet memberships get-credentials
        (MEMBERSHIP_NAME : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha container fleet memberships get-credentials updates
    the kubeconfig file with the appropriate credentials and endpoint
    information to send kubectl commands to a fleet-registered and -connected
    cluster through the Connect Gateway service.

    It takes a project, passed through by set defaults or flags. By default,
    credentials are written to $HOME/.kube/config. You can provide an alternate
    path by setting the KUBECONFIG environment variable. If KUBECONFIG contains
    multiple paths, the first one is used.

    Upon success, this command will switch the current context to the target
    cluster if other contexts are already present in the kubeconfig file.

EXAMPLES
    Get the Gateway kubeconfig for a globally registered cluster:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet memberships get-credentials my-cluster
        $ gcloud alpha container fleet memberships get-credentials \
            my-cluster --location=global

    Get the Gateway kubeconfig for a cluster registered in us-central1:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet memberships get-credentials \
            my-cluster --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Membership resource - The group of arguments defining a membership. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument MEMBERSHIP_NAME on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MEMBERSHIP_NAME
          ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the
          membership.

          To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument MEMBERSHIP_NAME on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the membership resource, e.g. us-central1. If not
          specified, attempts to automatically choose the correct region.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument MEMBERSHIP_NAME on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet memberships get-credentials

        $ gcloud beta container fleet memberships get-credentials

