NAME
    gcloud iam workforce-pools subjects delete - delete a workforce pool
        subject

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iam workforce-pools subjects delete
        (SUBJECT : --location=LOCATION --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a workforce pool subject.

EXAMPLES
    The following command deletes a workforce pool subject with the ID
    my-workforce-pool-subject:

        $ gcloud iam workforce-pools subjects delete \
            my-workforce-pool-subject --workforce-pool="my-workforce-pool" \
            --location="global"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workforce pool subject resource - The workforce pool subject to delete.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       SUBJECT
          ID of the workforce pool subject or fully qualified identifier for
          the workforce pool subject. To set the subject attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subject on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the workforce pool. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subject on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL
          The ID to use for the workforce pool, which becomes the final
          component of the resource name. This value must be a globally unique
          string of 6 to 63 lowercase letters, digits, or hyphens. It must
          start with a letter, and cannot have a trailing hyphen. The prefix
          gcp- is reserved for use by Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workforce-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subject on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workforce-pool on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/
