NAME
    gcloud notebooks environments delete - request for deleting environments

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud notebooks environments delete (ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Request for deleting environments.

EXAMPLES
    To delete environment with id 'example-environment' in location
    'us-central1-a', run:

        $ gcloud notebooks environments delete example-environment \
            --location=us-central1-a

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - User-defined unique name of this environment. The
     environment name must be 1 to 63 characters long and contain only
     lowercase letters, numeric characters, and dashes. The first character
     must be a lowercaseletter and the last character cannot be a dash. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment. To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location of this environment
          https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones/#locations. To
          set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property notebooks/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha notebooks environments delete

        $ gcloud beta notebooks environments delete

