NAME
    gcloud artifacts files delete - delete an Artifact Registry file

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud artifacts files delete
        (FILE : --location=LOCATION --repository=REPOSITORY) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete an Artifact Registry file.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified file does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to delete files.
      ▪ The repository is not a Generic repository.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a file named pkg:1.0.0:file1.txt under the current project,
    repository, and location, run:

        $ gcloud artifacts files delete pkg:v0.0.1:file1.txt

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     File resource - The Artifact Registry file to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument file on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       FILE
          ID of the file or fully qualified identifier for the file.

          To set the file attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument file on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the file. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument file on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          The repository associated with the file. Overrides the default
          artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To
          configure the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set
          artifacts/repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument file on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/
