NAME
    gcloud beta workflows describe - show metadata for a workflow

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta workflows describe (WORKFLOW : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Display all metadata associated with a workflow of given name.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the workflow 'my-workflow', run:

        $ gcloud beta workflows describe my-workflow

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workflow resource - The name of the workflow to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument workflow on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WORKFLOW
          ID of the workflow or fully qualified identifier for the workflow. To
          set the workflow attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workflow on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the workflow. Alternatively, set the property
          [workflows/location].

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workflow on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property workflows/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the workflows/v1beta API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/workflows

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud workflows describe

