NAME
    gcloud alpha apphub extended-metadata-schemas list - list App Hub extended
        metadata schemas

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apphub extended-metadata-schemas list --location=LOCATION
        [--limit=LIMIT] [--page-size=PAGE_SIZE] [--uri] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) List App Hub extended metadata schemas.

EXAMPLES
    To list extended metadata schemas in location us-east1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apphub extended-metadata-schemas list \
            --location=us-east1

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Location resource - Location. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

LIST COMMAND FLAGS
     --limit=LIMIT
        Maximum number of resources to list. The default is unlimited. This
        flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
        --flatten, --sort-by, --filter, --limit.

     --page-size=PAGE_SIZE
        Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag
        specifies the maximum number of resources per page. The default is
        determined by the service if it supports paging, otherwise it is
        unlimited (no paging). Paging may be applied before or after --filter
        and --limit depending on the service.

     --uri
        Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output, and change
        the command output to a list of URIs. If this flag is used with
        --format, the formatting is applied on this URI list. To display URIs
        alongside other keys instead, use the uri() transform.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

