NAME
    gcloud bms operations wait - poll a long-running Bare Metal Solution
        operation until it completes

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud bms operations wait (OPERATION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Poll a long-running Bare Metal Solution operation until it completes. When
    the operation is complete, this command will display the results of the
    operation.

EXAMPLES
    To poll a long-running Bare Metal Solution operation named 'my-operation'
    until it completes, run the following:

        $ gcloud bms operations wait my-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Bare Metal
     Solution operation you want to wait for. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the baremetalsolution/v2 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bare-metal
