NAME
    gcloud beta kms keys set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy for a key

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta kms keys set-iam-policy
        (KEY : --keyring=KEYRING --location=LOCATION) POLICY_FILE
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Sets the IAM policy for the given key as defined in a JSON or YAML
    file.

    See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing-policies for details of the
    policy file format and contents.

EXAMPLES
    The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
    'policy.json' and set it for the key frodo with the keyring fellowship and
    location global:

        $ gcloud beta kms keys set-iam-policy frodo policy.json \
            --keyring=fellowship --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Key resource - The KMS key resource. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEY
          ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. To set the
          key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --keyring=KEYRING
          The KMS keyring of the key. To set the keyring attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --keyring on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Google Cloud location for the key. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud kms keys set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud alpha kms keys set-iam-policy

