NAME
    gcloud alpha container fleet memberships support-access enable - enable
        support access for the specified membership

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container fleet memberships support-access enable
        (MEMBERSHIP_NAME : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    To enable support access for membership my-membership run:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet memberships support-access enable \
            my-membership

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Membership resource - The group of arguments defining a membership. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument MEMBERSHIP_NAME on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MEMBERSHIP_NAME
          ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the
          membership.

          To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument MEMBERSHIP_NAME on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the membership resource, e.g. us-central1. If not
          specified, defaults to global.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument MEMBERSHIP_NAME on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet memberships support-access enable

        $ gcloud beta container fleet memberships support-access enable

