NAME
    gcloud alpha compute public-advertised-prefixes update - updates a Compute
        Engine public advertised prefix

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute public-advertised-prefixes update NAME
        (--announce-prefix | --status=STATUS | --withdraw-prefix)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    To update a public advertised prefix:

        $ gcloud alpha compute public-advertised-prefixes update my-pap \
            --status=ptr-configured

    To announce a public advertised prefix:

        $ gcloud alpha compute public-advertised-prefixes update my-pap \
            --announce-prefix

    To withdraw a public advertised prefix:

        $ gcloud alpha compute public-advertised-prefixes update my-pap \
            --withdraw-prefix

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the public advertised prefix to operate on.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Exactly one of these must be specified:

       --announce-prefix
          Specify if the prefix will be announced. Default is false.

       --status=STATUS
          The status of public advertised prefix. STATUS must be (currently
          only one value is supported): ptr-configured.

       --withdraw-prefix
          Specify if the prefix will be withdrawn. Default is false.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute public-advertised-prefixes update

        $ gcloud beta compute public-advertised-prefixes update

