NAME
    gcloud builds repositories describe - describe a Cloud Build Repository

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud builds repositories describe
        (REPOSITORY : --connection=CONNECTION --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a Cloud Build Repository.

EXAMPLES
    To list all the Cloud Build connections in region us-central1, run the
    following command:

        $ gcloud builds repositories describe --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Repository resource - Cloud Build Repository to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --connection=CONNECTION
          Connection ID.

          To set the connection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --connection on the command line.

       --region=REGION
          The Google Cloud region.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property builds/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudbuild/v2 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/cloud-build/docs/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha builds repositories describe

        $ gcloud beta builds repositories describe

