NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub config-management delete - remove the Config
        Management Feature Spec for the given membership

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub config-management delete
        [--membership=MEMBERSHIP : --location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Remove the Config Management Feature Spec for the
    given membership.

    This command has been deprecated. Please use unmanage instead.

    Remove the Config Management Feature Spec for the given membership. The
    existing ConfigManagement resources in the clusters will become unmanaged.

EXAMPLES
    To remove the Config Management Feature spec for a membership, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub config-management delete \
            --membership=MEMBERSHIP_NAME

FLAGS
     Membership resource - The group of arguments defining a membership. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --membership=MEMBERSHIP
          ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the
          membership. To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location for the membership. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

