NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub config-management fetch-for-apply - prints the
        Config Management configuration applied to the given membership

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub config-management fetch-for-apply
        [--membership=MEMBERSHIP : --location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Prints the Config Management configuration applied to
    the given membership.

    This command is deprecated and will be removed in an upcoming release.
    Please use the new describe command's --view=config flag in the alpha
    release track instead.

    The fetch-for-apply output uses the format of the apply command. Any fields
    not configured display default values.

EXAMPLES
    To fetch the applied Config Management configuration, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub config-management fetch-for-apply

FLAGS
     Membership resource - The group of arguments defining a membership. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     --membership=MEMBERSHIP
        ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the membership.

        To set the membership attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument --membership on the command line.

        This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
        this group are specified.

     --location=LOCATION
        Location for the membership.

        To set the location attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a fully
          specified name;
        ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line;
        ◆ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

