NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub config-management - use the Config Management
        feature

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub config-management COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Manage Config Sync
    (https://docs.cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/config-sync/docs/how-to/installing-config-sync)
    using the Config Management feature.

    To manage Policy Controller, use gcloud container fleet policycontroller
    instead.

    Hierarchy Controller is no longer available to install. If Hierarchy
    Controller is still configured, Config Sync upgrades are blocked. To
    upgrade Config Sync, disable Hierarchy Controller following
    https://docs.cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/config-sync/docs/how-to/migrate-hierarchy-controller.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     apply
        (ALPHA) Update a Config Management feature spec.

     delete
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Remove the Config Management feature spec for the
        given membership.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Describe the Config Management feature.

     disable
        (ALPHA) Disable the Config Management feature.

     enable
        (ALPHA) Enable the Config Management feature.

     fetch-for-apply
        (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Prints the Config Management configuration applied
        to the given membership.

     status
        (ALPHA) Print the status of all clusters with Config Management
        enabled.

     unmanage
        (ALPHA) Remove the Config Management feature spec for the given
        membership.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update the Config Management feature.

     upgrade
        (ALPHA) Upgrade the version of the Config Management feature.

     version
        (ALPHA) Print the version of all clusters with Config Management
        enabled.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container hub config-management

        $ gcloud beta container hub config-management

