NAME
    gcloud beta vector-search collections describe - describe a collection

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta vector-search collections describe
        (COLLECTION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Get details about a specific collection.

EXAMPLES
    To describe collection my-collection in project my-project and location
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta vector-search collections describe my-collection \
            --location=us-central1 --project=my-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Collection resource - Name of the resource The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument collection on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       COLLECTION
          ID of the collection or fully qualified identifier for the
          collection.

          To set the collection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument collection on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the collection resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument collection on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the vectorsearch/v1beta API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://docs.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs/vector-search-2/overview

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

