NAME
    gcloud alpha netapp volumes snapshots delete - delete a Cloud NetApp Volume
        Snapshot

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha netapp volumes snapshots delete
        (SNAPSHOT : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [--volume=VOLUME]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Cloud NetApp Volume Snapshot.

EXAMPLES
    The following command deletes a Snapshot named NAME in the given location
    and volume:

        $ gcloud alpha netapp volumes snapshots delete NAME \
          --location=us-central1 --volume=vol1

    To delete a Snapshot named NAME asynchronously, run the following command:

        $ gcloud alpha netapp volumes snapshots delete NAME \
          --location=us-central1 --volume=vol1 --async

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Snapshot resource - The Snapshot to delete. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument snapshot on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the volume attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument snapshot on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --volume on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SNAPSHOT
          ID of the snapshot or fully qualified identifier for the snapshot.

          To set the snapshot attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument snapshot on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the snapshot.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument snapshot on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property netapp/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     Volume resource - The Volume to take a Snapshot of. This represents a
     Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line;
      ◆ set the property netapp/location.

     --volume=VOLUME
        ID of the volume or fully qualified identifier for the volume.

        To set the volume attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument --volume on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud netapp volumes snapshots delete

        $ gcloud beta netapp volumes snapshots delete

