NAME
    gcloud beta container hub namespaces create - create a fleet namespace

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container hub namespaces create NAME [--scope=SCOPE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The project specified does not exist.
      ▪ The project has a fleet namespace with the same name.
      ▪ The caller does not have permission to access the given project.

EXAMPLES
    To create a fleet namespace with name NAMESPACE in the active project, run:

        $ gcloud beta container hub namespaces create NAMESPACE

    To create a fleet namespace in fleet scope SCOPE in project PROJECT_ID with
    name NAMESPACE, run:

        $ gcloud beta container hub namespaces create NAMESPACE \
            --scope=SCOPE --project=PROJECT_ID

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     NAME
        Name of the fleet namespace to be created. Must comply with RFC 1123
        (up to 63 characters, alphanumeric and '-')

FLAGS
     Scope resource - The group of arguments defining the Fleet Scope. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --scope on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --scope on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ global is the only supported location.

       --scope=SCOPE
          ID of the scope or fully qualified identifier for the scope. To set
          the scope attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --scope on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub namespaces create

