NAME
    gcloud alpha container fleet scopes namespaces describe - show fleet
        namespace info

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container fleet scopes namespaces describe
        (NAMESPACE : --scope=SCOPE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The project specified does not exist.
      ▪ The namespace specified does not exist in the project.
      ▪ The caller does not have permission to access the project or
        namespace.

EXAMPLES
    To print metadata for the namespace NAMESPACE in the active project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet scopes namespaces describe NAMESPACE

    To print metadata for the namespace NAMESPACE in project PROJECT_ID, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet scopes namespaces describe \
            NAMESPACE --project=PROJECT_ID

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Namespace resource - The group of arguments defining the Fleet Namespace.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument NAMESPACE on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument NAMESPACE on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ global is the only supported location.

     This must be specified.

       NAMESPACE
          ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace.

          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAMESPACE on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --scope=SCOPE
          the

          To set the scope attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAMESPACE on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --scope on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet scopes namespaces describe

        $ gcloud beta container fleet scopes namespaces describe

