NAME
    gcloud beta domains registrations authorization-code reset - resets
        authorization code of a specific Cloud Domains registration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta domains registrations authorization-code reset REGISTRATION
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Resets authorization code of a specific registration.

    You can call this API only after 60 days have elapsed since initial
    registration.

EXAMPLES
    To reset authorization code of example.com, run:

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations authorization-code reset \
            example.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registration resource - The domain registration to reset authorization
     code for. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRATION
          ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the
          registration. To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registration on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud domains registrations authorization-code reset

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations authorization-code reset

