NAME
    gcloud container - deploy and manage clusters of machines for running
        containers

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud container GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    The gcloud container command group lets you create and manage Google
    Kubernetes Engine containers and clusters.

    Kubernetes Engine is a cluster manager and orchestration system for running
    your Docker containers. Kubernetes Engine schedules your containers into
    the cluster and manages them automatically based on requirements you
    define, such as CPU and memory.

    More information on Kubernetes Engine can be found here:
    https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine and detailed documentation can
    be found here: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     attached
        Manage Attached clusters for running containers.

     aws
        Deploy and manage clusters of machines on AWS for running containers.

     azure
        Deploy and manage clusters of machines on Azure for running containers.

     binauthz
        Manage attestations for Binary Authorization on Google Cloud Platform.

     clusters
        Deploy and teardown Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

     fleet
        Centrally manage features and services on all your Kubernetes clusters
        with fleet.

     hub
        Centrally manage features and services on all your Kubernetes clusters
        with fleet.

     images
        List and manipulate Google Container Registry images.

     node-pools
        Create and delete operations for Google Kubernetes Engine node pools.

     operations
        Get and list operations for Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

     subnets
        Manage subnets to be used by Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     get-server-config
        Get Kubernetes Engine server config.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container

        $ gcloud beta container

