NAME
    gcloud alpha compute project-info set-default-service-account - set the
        default service account on the project

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute project-info set-default-service-account
        [--service-account=SERVICE_ACCOUNT | --no-service-account]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha compute project-info set-default-service-account is
    used to configure the default service account on project.

    The project's default service account is used when a new instance is
    created unless a custom service account is set via --scopes or --no-scopes.
    Existing instances are not affected.

    For example,

        $ gcloud alpha compute project-info set-default-service-account \
            --service-account=example@developers.gserviceaccount.com
        $ gcloud compute instances create instance-name

    will set the project's default service account as
    example@developers.gserviceaccount.com. The instance created will have
    example@developers.gserviceaccount.com as the service account associated
    with because no service account email was specified in the "instances
    create" command.

    To remove the default service account from the project, issue the command:

        $ gcloud alpha compute project-info set-default-service-account \
            --no-service-account

    The required permission to execute this command is
    compute.projects.setDefaultServiceAccount. If needed, you can include this
    permission, or choose any of the following preexisting IAM roles that
    contain this particular permission:

      ▪ Owner
      ▪ Editor
      ▪ Compute Admin

FLAGS
     At most one of these can be specified:

       --service-account=SERVICE_ACCOUNT
          The email address of the service account that will be set as the
          default service account for all newly created instances in the
          project.

          To set the default service account to
          example@project.iam.gserviceaccount.com:

              $ gcloud alpha compute project-info set-default-service-account \
                  --service-account example@project.iam.gserviceaccount.com

       --no-service-account
          Sets the default service account on the project as no service
          account. This causes newly created instances to not run as a service
          account by default.

          To set the default service account as no service account, specify
          this flag:

              $ gcloud alpha compute project-info set-default-service-account \
                  --no-service-account

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

