NAME
    gcloud alpha network-services multicast-groups describe - describe a
        multicast groups

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-services multicast-groups describe
        (MULTICAST_GROUP : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Multicast Group is deprecated. Please use the
    Multicast Group Range Activation resource instead.

    Show details of a multicast group in the specified location of the current
    project.

EXAMPLES
    To describe details of a multicast group in the current project and
    location, run:

        $ gcloud alpha network-services multicast-groups describe \
            my-multicast-group --location=zone

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Multicast group resource - The multicast group to display. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument multicast_group on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MULTICAST_GROUP
          ID of the multicast group or fully qualified identifier for the
          multicast group.

          To set the multicast_group attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument multicast_group on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument multicast_group on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

