NAME
    gcloud eventarc triggers delete - delete an Eventarc trigger

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud eventarc triggers delete (TRIGGER : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete an Eventarc trigger.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the trigger my-trigger, run:

        $ gcloud eventarc triggers delete my-trigger

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Trigger resource - The trigger to delete. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument trigger on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TRIGGER
          ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for the trigger.

          To set the trigger attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument trigger on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the Eventarc trigger, which should be either global
          or one of the supported regions. Alternatively, set the
          [eventarc/location] property.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument trigger on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property eventarc/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
