NAME
    gcloud alpha dataplex lakes describe - describe a Dataplex lake resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataplex lakes describe (LAKE : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Displays all details of a Dataplex lake resource given a valid lake
    ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataplex lake test-lake in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex lakes describe test-lake \
          --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Lake resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex lake you want
     to retrieve. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument lake on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       LAKE
          ID of the lake or fully qualified identifier for the lake. To set the
          lake attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument lake on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument lake on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud dataplex lakes describe

