NAME
    gcloud backup-dr backup-plans delete - deletes a Backup Plan

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud backup-dr backup-plans delete (BACKUP_PLAN : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Deletes a Backup Plan.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a backup plan sample-backup-plan in project sample-project and
    location us-central1 , run:

        $ gcloud backup-dr backup-plans delete sample-backup-plan \
            --project=sample-project --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup Plan resource - Name of the backup plan to delete The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup_plan on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP_PLAN
          ID of the Backup Plan or fully qualified identifier for the Backup
          Plan.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup_plan on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Backup Plan.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup_plan on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete. The default is True. Enabled by default, use --no-async to
        disable.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

BRIEF
    Deletes a specific backup plan

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha backup-dr backup-plans delete

