NAME
    gcloud alpha zone-management zones describe - describe zone

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha zone-management zones describe
        (ZONE : --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describes a zone.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a zone called test-zone in organization test-org and location
    us-central1, run:        $ gcloud alpha zone-management zones describe test-zone \
            --location=us-central1 --organization=test-org

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Zone resource - Zone The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       ZONE
          ID of the zone or fully qualified identifier for the zone.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zone on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The global location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zone on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The organization name.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zone on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgecontainer/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/edge-cloud

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

