NAME
    gcloud alpha config - view and edit Google Cloud CLI properties

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha config GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The gcloud alpha config command group lets you set, view and unset
    properties used by Google Cloud CLI.

    A configuration is a set of properties that govern the behavior of gcloud
    and other Google Cloud CLI tools. The initial default configuration is set
    when gcloud init is run. You can create additional named configurations
    using gcloud init or gcloud alpha config configurations create.

    To display the path of the active configuration along with information
    about the current gcloud environment, run $ gcloud info.

    To switch between configurations, use gcloud alpha config configurations
    activate.

    gcloud supports several flags that have the same effect as properties in a
    configuration (for example, gcloud supports both the --project flag and
    project property). Properties differ from flags in that flags affect
    command behavior on a per-invocation basis. Properties allow you to
    maintain the same settings across command executions.

    In addition to setting properties in a configuration, and the use of flags,
    it is possible to override the value of a property with an environment
    variable. The matching environment variable for a property is of the form
    'CLOUDSDK_CATEGORY_PROPERTY'. For example, to demonstrate overriding the
    project property in the core category to my-project, use a command like:

        $ CLOUDSDK_CORE_PROJECT=my-project gcloud config get core/project

    For more information on configurations, see gcloud topic configurations.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     configurations
        (ALPHA) Manage the set of gcloud named configurations.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     list
        (ALPHA) List Google Cloud CLI properties for the currently active
        configuration.

     set
        (ALPHA) Set a Google Cloud CLI property.

     unset
        (ALPHA) Unset a Google Cloud CLI property.

AVAILABLE PROPERTIES
     core
         account
            Account gcloud should use for authentication. Run gcloud auth list
            to see your currently available accounts.

         console_log_format
            Control the format used to display log messages to the console.

            Valid values are:
            ▸ standard - Simplified log messages are displayed on the
              console.
            ▸ detailed - More detailed messages are displayed on the console.

            If unset, default is standard.

         custom_ca_certs_file
            Absolute path to a custom CA cert file.

         default_regional_backend_service
            If True, backend services in gcloud compute backend-services will
            be regional by default. Setting the --global flag is required for
            global backend services.

         disable_color
            If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the
            terminal.

         disable_file_logging
            If True, gcloud will not store logs to a file. This may be useful
            if disk space is limited.

         disable_prompts
            If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts.
            However, for any prompts that require user input, an error will be
            raised. This is equivalent to either using the global --quiet flag
            or setting the environment variable CLOUDSDK_CORE_DISABLE_PROMPTS
            to 1. Setting this property is useful when scripting with gcloud.

         disable_usage_reporting
            If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected.
            This value is set by your choices during installation, but can be
            changed at any time. For more information, see Usage statistics.

         enable_feature_flags
            If True, remote config-file driven feature flags will be enabled.

         log_http
            If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. To see logs
            in the terminal, adjust verbosity settings. Otherwise, logs are
            available in their respective log files.

         max_log_days
            Maximum number of days to retain log files before deleting. If set
            to 0, turns off log garbage collection and does not delete log
            files. If unset, the default is 30 days.

         pass_credentials_to_gsutil
            If True, pass the configured Google Cloud CLI authentication to
            gsutil.

         project
            Project ID of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by default.
            This can be overridden by using the global --project flag.

         show_structured_logs
            Control when JSON-structured log messages for the current verbosity
            level (and above) will be written to standard error. If this
            property is disabled, logs are formatted as text by default.

            Valid values are:
            ▸ never - Log messages as text
            ▸ always - Always log messages as JSON
            ▸ log - Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a file
            ▸ terminal - Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a terminal

            If unset, default is never.

         trace_token
            Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
            issues. This token will be provided by Google support.

         user_output_enabled
            True, by default. If False, messages to the user and command output
            on both standard output and standard error will be suppressed.

         verbosity
            Default logging verbosity for gcloud commands. This is the
            equivalent of using the global --verbosity flag. Supported
            verbosity levels: debug, info, warning, error, critical, and none.

     accessibility
         screen_reader
            Make gcloud more screen reader friendly.

     ai
         region
            Default region to use when working with AI Platform resources. When
            a --region flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
            back to this value, if set.

     ai_platform
         region
            Default region to use when working with AI Platform Training and
            Prediction resources (currently for Prediction only). It is ignored
            for training resources for now. The value should be either global
            or one of the supported regions. When a --region flag is required
            but not provided, the command will fall back to this value, if set.

     api_endpoint_overrides
         accessapproval
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud access-approval command group.

         accesscontextmanager
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud access-context-manager command
            group.

         ai
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud ai command group.

         aiplatform
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud ai-platform command group.

         anthosevents
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud anthos command group.

         anthospolicycontrollerstatus_pa
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud container fleet policycontroller
            command group.

         apigateway
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud api-gateway command group.

         apigee
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud apigee command group.

         appengine
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud app command group.

         artifactregistry
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud artifacts command group.

         assuredworkloads
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud assured command group.

         baremetalsolution
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud bms command group.

         bigtableadmin
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud bigtable command group.

         certificatemanager
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud certificate-manager command
            group.

         cloudasset
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud asset command group.

         cloudbilling
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud billing command group.

         cloudbuild
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud builds command group.

         cloudcommerceconsumerprocurement
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud commerce-procurement command
            group.

         clouddebugger
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud debug command group.

         clouddeploy
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud deploy command group.

         clouderrorreporting
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud error-reporting command group.

         cloudfunctions
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud functions command group.

         cloudidentity
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud identity command group.

         cloudiot
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud iot command group.

         cloudkms
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud kms command group.

         cloudresourcemanager
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud projects command group.

         cloudscheduler
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud scheduler command group.

         cloudtasks
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud tasks command group.

         cloudtrace
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud trace command group.

         composer
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud composer command group.

         compute
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud compute command group. For
            Private Service Connect usage, see
            https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure-private-service-connect-apis#using-endpoints

         config
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud blueprints command group.

         container
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud container command group.

         datacatalog
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud data-catalog command group.

         dataflow
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud dataflow command group.

         datafusion
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud data-fusion command group.

         datamigration
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud database-migration command group.

         datapipelines
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud datapipelines command group.

         dataplex
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud dataplex command group.

         dataproc
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud dataproc command group.

         datastore
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud datastore command group.

         datastream
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud datastream command group.

         deploymentmanager
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud deployment-manager command group.

         dns
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud dns command group.

         domains
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud domains command group.

         edgecontainer
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud edge-container command group.

         eventarc
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud eventarc command group.

         eventarcpublishing
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud eventarc publish command group.

         events
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud events command group.

         file
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud filestore command group.

         firestore
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud firestore command group.

         gameservices
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud gamer command group.

         genomics
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud genomics command group.

         gkemulticloud
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud container aws and gcloud
            container azure command groups.

         healthcare
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud healthcare command group.

         iam
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud iam command group.

         iap
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud iap command group.

         ids
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud ids command group.

         language
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud ml language command group.

         lifesciences
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud lifesciences command group.

         logging
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud logging command group.

         managedidentities
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud active-directory command group.

         mediaasset
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud media command group.

         memcache
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud memcache command group.

         metastore
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud metastore command group.

         monitoring
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud monitoring command group.

         networkconnectivity
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud network-connectivity command
            group.

         networkmanagement
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud network-management command group.

         networksecurity
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud network-security command group.

         networkservices
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud network-services command group.

         notebooks
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud notebooks command group.

         orgpolicy
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud org-policies command group.

         policyanalyzer
            Overrides API endpoint for policy-intelligence command group.

         privateca
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud privateca command group.

         publicca
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud publicca command group.

         pubsub
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud pubsub command group.

         recaptchaenterprise
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud recaptcha command group.

         recommender
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud recommender command group.

         redis
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud redis command group.

         resourcesettings
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud resource-settings command group.

         run
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud run command group.

         runtimeconfig
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud runtime-config command group.

         sddc
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud vmware sddc command group.

         secretmanager
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud secrets command group.

         securitycenter
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud scc command group.

         servicedirectory
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud service-directory command group.

         servicemanagement
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud endpoints command group.

         sourcerepo
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud source command group.

         spanner
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud spanner command group. For
            spanner emulator usage, see
            https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/emulator#using_the_gcloud_cli_with_the_emulator

         speech
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud ml speech command group.

         sql
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud sql command group.

         storage
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud storage command group.

         testing
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud firebase test command group.

         vision
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud ml vision command group.

         vmwareengine
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud vmware command group.

         workflowexecutions
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud workflows executions command
            group.

         workflows
            Overrides API endpoint for gcloud workflows command group.

     app
         cloud_build_timeout
            Timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete during
            deployments. All Docker builds now use the Cloud Build API.

         promote_by_default
            If True, when deploying a new version of a service, that version
            will be promoted to receive all traffic for the service. This
            property can be overridden with the --promote-by-default or
            --no-promote-by-default flags.

         stop_previous_version
            If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously
            deployed version is stopped. If False, older versions must be
            stopped manually.

         use_runtime_builders
            If set, opt in/out to a new code path for building applications
            using pre-fabricated runtimes that can be updated independently of
            client tooling. If not set, the default path for each runtime is
            used.

     artifacts
         location
            Default location to use when working with Artifact Registry
            resources. When a location value is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. If this value is
            unset, the default location is global when location value is
            optional.

         repository
            Default repository to use when working with Artifact Registry
            resources. When a repository value is required but not provided,
            the command will fall back to this value, if set.

     auth
         access_token_file
            A file path to read the access token. Use this property to
            authenticate gcloud with an access token. The credentials of the
            active account (if it exists) will be ignored. The file should
            contain an access token with no other information.

         disable_credentials
            If True, gcloud will not attempt to load any credentials or
            authenticate any requests. This is useful when behind a proxy that
            adds authentication to requests.

         impersonate_service_account
            While set, all API requests will be made as the given service
            account or target service account in an impersonation delegation
            chain instead of the currently selected account. You can specify
            either a single service account as the impersonator, or a
            comma-separated list of service accounts to create an impersonation
            delegation chain. This is done without needing to create, download,
            or activate a key for the service account or accounts.

            In order to make API requests as a service account, your currently
            selected account must have an IAM role that includes the
            iam.serviceAccounts.getAccessToken permission for the service
            account or accounts.

            The roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role has the
            iam.serviceAccounts.getAccessToken permission. You can also create
            a custom role.

            You can specify a list of service accounts, separated with commas.
            This creates an impersonation delegation chain in which each
            service account delegates its permissions to the next service
            account in the chain. Each service account in the list must have
            the roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role on the next service
            account in the list. For example, when the property is set through
            gcloud config set auth/impersonate_service_account=
            SERVICE_ACCOUNT_1,SERVICE_ACCOUNT_2, the active account must have
            the roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role on SERVICE_ACCOUNT_1,
            which must have the roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role on
            SERVICE_ACCOUNT_2. SERVICE_ACCOUNT_1 is the impersonated service
            account and SERVICE_ACCOUNT_2 is the delegate.

         token_host
            Overrides the token endpoint to provision access tokens. It can be
            used with Private Service Connect.

     billing
         quota_project
            The Google Cloud project that is billed and charged quota for
            operations performed in gcloud. When unset, the default is
            [CURRENT_PROJECT]. This default bills and charges quota against the
            current project. If you need to operate on one project, but need to
            bill your usage against or use quota from a different project, you
            can use this flag to specify the billing project. If both
            billing/quota_project and --billing-project are specified,
            --billing-project takes precedence.

     builds
         kaniko_cache_ttl
            TTL, in hours, of cached layers when using Kaniko. If zero, layer
            caching is disabled.

         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Build resources. When
            a --region flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
            back to this value, if set.

         timeout
            Timeout, in seconds, to wait for builds to complete. If unset,
            defaults to 10 minutes.

         use_kaniko
            If True, kaniko will be used to build images described by a
            Dockerfile, instead of docker build.

     component_manager
         additional_repositories
            Comma separated list of additional repositories to check for
            components. This property is automatically managed by the gcloud
            components repositories commands.

         disable_update_check
            If True, Google Cloud CLI will not automatically check for updates.

     composer
         location
            Composer location to use. Each Composer location constitutes an
            independent resource namespace constrained to deploying
            environments into Compute Engine regions inside this location. This
            parameter corresponds to the /locations/<location> segment of the
            Composer resource URIs being referenced.

     compute
         image_family_scope
            Sets how images are selected with image families for disk and
            instance creation. By default, zonal image resources are used when
            using an image family in a public image project, and global image
            resources are used for all other projects. To override the default
            behavior, set this property to zonal or global.

         region
            Default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine
            resources. When a --region flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices,
            run gcloud compute regions list.

         use_new_list_usable_subnets_api
            If True, use the new API for listing usable subnets which only
            returns subnets in the current project.

         zone
            Default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine
            resources. When a --zone flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices,
            run gcloud compute zones list.

     container
         build_timeout
            Timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.

         cluster
            Name of the cluster to use by default when working with Kubernetes
            Engine.

         use_application_default_credentials
            If True, use application default credentials to authenticate to the
            cluster API server.

         use_client_certificate
            If True, use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to
            the cluster API server.

     container_aws
         location
            Default Google Cloud location to use for Anthos clusters on AWS.

     container_azure
         location
            Default Google Cloud location to use for Anthos clusters on Azure.

     container_vmware
         location
            Default Google Cloud location to use for Anthos clusters on VMware.

     context_aware
         use_client_certificate
            If True, use client certificate to authorize user device using
            Context-aware access. This includes user login as well. Some
            services may not support client certificate authorization. If a
            command sends requests to such services, the client certificate
            will not be validated. Run gcloud topic client-certificate for list
            of services supporting this feature.

     dataflow
         disable_public_ips
            Specifies that Cloud Dataflow workers must not use public IP
            addresses.

         enable_streaming_engine
            Set this to true to enable Streaming Engine for the job.

         print_only
            Prints the container spec to stdout. Does not save in Google Cloud
            Storage.

     datafusion
         location
            Datafusion location to use. Each Datafusion location constitutes an
            independent resource namespace constrained to deploying
            environments into Compute Engine regions inside this location. This
            parameter corresponds to the /locations/<location> segment of the
            Datafusion resource URIs being referenced.

     datapipelines
         disable_public_ips
            Specifies that Cloud Dataflow workers must not use public IP
            addresses.

         enable_streaming_engine
            Set this to true to enable Streaming Engine for the job.

     dataplex
         asset
            Dataplex asset to use. When an asset is required but not provided
            by a flag, the command will fall back to this value, if set.

         lake
            Dataplex lake to use. When a lake is required but not provided by a
            flag, the command will fall back to this value, if set.

         location
            Dataplex location to use. When a location is required but not
            provided by a flag, the command will fall back to this value, if
            set.

         zone
            Dataplex zone to use. When a zone is required but not provided by a
            flag, the command will fall back to this value, if set.

     dataproc
         location
            Dataproc location to use. Each Dataproc location constitutes an
            independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
            into Compute Engine zones inside the location.

         region
            Dataproc region to use. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
            independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
            into Compute Engine zones inside the region.

     deploy
         delivery_pipeline
            Delivery Pipeline being managed by Cloud Deploy.

         region
            Cloud Deploy region to use. Each Cloud Deploy region constitutes an
            independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
            into Compute Engine zones inside the region.

     deployment_manager
         glob_imports
            Enable import path globbing. Uses glob patterns to match multiple
            imports in a config file.

     eventarc
         location
            The default location to use when working with Eventarc resources.
            This should be either global or one of the supported regions. When
            a --location flag is required but not provided, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set.

     filestore
         location
            Please use the --location flag or set the filestore/zone or
            filestore/region property.

         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Filestore regions.
            When a --region flag is required but not provided, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set.

         zone
            Default zone to use when working with Cloud Filestore zones. When a
            --zone flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
            back to this value, if set.

     functions
         gen2
            Default environment to use when working with Cloud Functions
            resources. When neither --gen2 nor --no-gen2 is provided, the
            decision of whether to use Generation 2 falls back to this value.

         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Functions resources.
            When a --region flag is required but not provided, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run gcloud
            beta functions regions list.

     game_services
         default_deployment
            Default deployment to use when working with Cloud Game Services
            list configs. When a --deployment flag is required in a list
            command but not provided, the command will fall back to this value
            which envokes aggregated list from the backend.

         default_realm
            Default realm to use when working with Cloud Game Services list
            clusters. When a --realm flag is required in a list command but not
            provided, the command will fall back to this value which envokes
            aggregated list from the backend.

         location
            Default location to use when working with Cloud Game Services
            resources. When a --location flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

     gcloudignore
         enabled
            If True, do not upload .gcloudignore files (see $ gcloud topic
            gcloudignore). If False, turn off the gcloudignore mechanism
            entirely and upload all files.

     gkebackup
         backup
            Default backup ID to use when working with Backup for GKE Services
            resources. When a --backup flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

         backup_plan
            Default backup plan ID to use when working with Backup for GKE
            Services resources. When a --backup-plan flag is required but not
            provided, the command will fall back to this value.

         location
            Default location to use when working with Backup for GKE Services
            resources. When a --location flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

         restore
            Default restore ID to use when working with Backup for GKE Services
            resources. When a --restore flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

         restore_plan
            Default restore plan ID to use when working with Backup for GKE
            Services resources. When a --restore-plan flag is required but not
            provided, the command will fall back to this value.

     healthcare
         dataset
            Default dataset to use when working with Cloud Healthcare
            resources. When a --dataset flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set.

         location
            Default location to use when working with Cloud Healthcare
            resources. When a --location flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

     interactive
         bottom_bindings_line
            If True, display the bottom key bindings line.

         bottom_status_line
            If True, display the bottom status line.

         completion_menu_lines
            Number of lines in the completion menu.

         context
            Command context string.

         fixed_prompt_position
            If True, display the prompt at the same position.

         help_lines
            Maximum number of help snippet lines.

         hidden
            If True, expose hidden commands/flags.

         justify_bottom_lines
            If True, left- and right-justify bottom toolbar lines.

         manpage_generator
            If True, use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported
            commands.

         multi_column_completion_menu
            If True, display the completions as a multi-column menu.

         prompt
            Command prompt string.

         show_help
            If True, show help as command args are being entered.

         suggest
            If True, add command line suggestions based on history.

     lifesciences
         location
            Default location to use when working with Cloud Life Sciences
            resources. When a --location flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

     media_asset
         location
            Default location to use when working with Cloud Media Asset
            resources. When a --location flag is required but not provided, the
            command will fall back to this value.

     memcache
         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Memorystore for
            Memcached resources. When a region is required but not provided by
            a flag, the command will fall back to this value, if set.

     metastore
         location
            Default location to use when working with Dataproc Metastore. When
            a location is required but not provided by a flag, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set.

         tier
            Default tier to use when creating Dataproc Metastore services. When
            a tier is required but not provided by a flag, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set.

            Valid values are:
            ▸ developer - The developer tier provides limited scalability and
              no fault tolerance. Good for low-cost proof-of-concept.
            ▸ enterprise - The enterprise tier provides multi-zone high
              availability, and sufficient scalability for enterprise-level
              Dataproc Metastore workloads.

     ml_engine
         local_python
            Full path to the Python interpreter to use for Cloud ML Engine
            local predict/train jobs. If not specified, the default path is the
            one to the Python interpreter found on system PATH.

         polling_interval
            Interval (in seconds) at which to poll logs from your Cloud ML
            Engine jobs. Note that making it much faster than the default (60)
            will quickly use all of your quota.

     notebooks
         location
            Default location to use when working with Notebook resources. When
            a location value is required but not provided, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set.

     privateca
         location
            Default location to use when working with Private CA resources.
            When a --location flag is required but not provided, the command
            will fall back to this value, if set.

     proxy
         address
            Hostname or IP address of proxy server.

         password
            Password to use when connecting, if the proxy requires
            authentication.

         port
            Port to use when connected to the proxy server.

         rdns
            If True, DNS queries will not be performed locally, and instead,
            handed to the proxy to resolve. This is default behavior.

         type
            Type of proxy being used. Supported proxy types are: [http,
            http_no_tunnel, socks4, socks5].

         username
            Username to use when connecting, if the proxy requires
            authentication.

     redis
         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Memorystore for Redis
            resources. When a region is required but not provided by a flag,
            the command will fall back to this value, if set.

     run
         cluster
            ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster

         cluster_location
            Zone or region in which the cluster is located.

         platform
            Target platform for running commands.

         region
            Default region to use when working with Cloud Run resources. When a
            --region flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
            back to this value, if set.

     scc
         organization
            Default organization gcloud should use for scc surface.

         parent
            Default parent gcloud should use for scc surface.

     secrets
         locations
            A comma separated list of the locations to replicate secrets to.
            Only applies to secrets with a user-managed policy.

         replication-policy
            The type of replication policy to apply to secrets. Allowed values
            are "automatic" and "user-managed". If user-managed then locations
            must also be provided.

     spanner
         instance
            Default instance to use when working with Cloud Spanner resources.
            When an instance is required but not provided by a flag, the
            command will fall back to this value, if set.

     ssh
         putty_force_connect
            Whether or not gcloud should automatically accept new or changed
            host keys when executing plink/pscp commands on Windows. Defaults
            to True, but can be set to False to present these interactive
            prompts to the user for host key checking.

         verify_internal_ip
            Whether or not gcloud should perform an initial SSH connection to
            verify an instance ID is correct when connecting via its internal
            IP. Without this check, gcloud will simply connect to the internal
            IP of the desired instance, which may be wrong if the desired
            instance is in a different subnet but happens to share the same
            internal IP as an instance in the current subnet. Defaults to True.

     storage
         base_retry_delay
            Second delay between retrying operations. May be multiplied by
            exponential_sleep_multiplier.

         check_hashes
            'check_hashes' specifies how strictly to require integrity checking
            for downloaded data. Legal values are:

            ▸ 'if_fast_else_fail' - (default) Only integrity check if the
              digest will run efficiently (using compiled code), else fail the
              download.

            ▸ 'if_fast_else_skip' - Only integrity check if the server
              supplies a hash and the local digest computation will run
              quickly, else skip the check.

            ▸ 'always' - Always check download integrity regardless of
              possible performance costs.

            ▸ 'never' - Don't perform download integrity checks. This setting
              is not recommended except for special cases such as measuring
              download performance excluding time for integrity checking.

            This option exists to assist users who wish to download a composite
            object and are unable to install crcmod with the C-extension.
            CRC32c is the only available integrity check for composite objects,
            and without the C-extension, download performance can be
            significantly degraded by the digest computation. This option is
            ignored for daisy-chain copies, which don't compute hashes but
            instead (inexpensively) compare the cloud source and destination
            hashes.

         check_mv_early_deletion_fee
            Block mv commands that may incur an early deletion fee (the source
            object in a mv is deleted).

         convert_incompatible_windows_path_characters
            Allows automatic conversion of invalid path characters on Windows.
            If not enabled, Windows will raise an OSError if an invalid
            character is encountered.

         copy_chunk_size
            Chunk size used for copying to in clouds or on disk.

         download_chunk_size
            Chunk size used for downloadinging to clouds.

         exponential_sleep_multiplier
            Used in exponential backoff for retrying operations.

         max_retries
            Max number of retries for operations like copy.

         max_retry_delay
            Max second delay between retriable operations.

         parallel_composite_upload_component_size
            Specifies the ideal size of a component in bytes, which will act as
            an upper bound to the size of the components if ceil(file_size /
            parallel_composite_upload_component_size) is less than the maximum
            number of objects the API allows composing at once. Values can be
            provided either in bytes or as human-readable values (e.g., "150M"
            to represent 150 mebibytes).

         parallel_composite_upload_threshold
            Specifies the maximum size of a file to upload in a single stream.
            Files larger than this threshold will be partitioned into component
            parts, uploaded in parallel, then composed into a single object.
            The number of components will be the smaller of ceil(file_size /
            parallel_composite_upload_component_size) and the maximum number of
            objects the API allows composing at once. For Cloud Storage this
            limit is 32. If this property is set to 0, then automatic parallel
            uploads will never occur.

         process_count
            The maximum number of processes parallel execution should use. When
            process_count and thread_count are both 1, commands use sequential
            execution.

         resumable_threshold
            File operations above this size in bytes will use resumable instead
            of one-shot strategies. For example, a resumable download.

         s3_endpoint_url
            If set, boto3 client will connect to this endpoint. Otherwise,
            boto3 selects a default endpoint based on the AWS service used.

         sliced_object_download_component_size
            Target size and upper bound for files to be sliced into. Analogous
            to parallel_composite_upload_component_size.

         sliced_object_download_max_components
            Specifies the maximum number of slices to be used when performing a
            sliced object download. Set None for no limit.

         sliced_object_download_threshold
            Slice files larger than this value. Zero will block sliced
            downloads. Analogous to parallel_composite_upload_threshold.

         thread_count
            The number of threads parallel execution should use per process.
            When process_count and thread_count are both 1, commands use
            sequential execution.

         tracker_files_directory
            Directory path to tracker files for resumable operations.

         upload_chunk_size
            Chunk size used for uploading to clouds.

         use_gcloud_crc32c
            If True, data integrity checks use a binary subprocess to calculate
            CRC32C hashes with the included gcloud-crc32c tool rather than the
            google-crc32c Python library. This behavior is also triggered when
            the google-crc32c Python library is unavailable even if this
            property is False.

         use_gsutil
            If True, use the deprecated upload implementation which uses
            gsutil.

         use_magicfile
            If True, uses the file --mime <filename> command to guess content
            types instead of the default filename extension-based mechanism.
            Available on UNIX and macOS (and possibly on Windows, if you're
            running Cygwin or some other package that provides implementations
            of UNIX-like commands). When available and enabled use_magicfile
            should be more robust because it analyzes file contents in addition
            to extensions.

         use_threading_local
            If True, reuses some resource if they are already declared on a
            thread. If False, creates duplicates of resources like API clients
            on the same thread. Turning off can help with some bugs but will
            hurt performance.

     survey
         disable_prompts
            If True, gcloud will not prompt you to take periodic usage
            experience surveys.

     vmware
         region
            Default region to use when working with VMware Engine resources.
            When a --region flag is required but not provided, the command will
            fall back to this value, if set.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud config

        $ gcloud beta config

