NAME
    gcloud domains registrations delete - delete a Cloud Domains registration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud domains registrations delete REGISTRATION [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a registration resource.

    Delete can only be called on registrations in state EXPORTED with
    expire_time in the past. It also works for registrations in state
    REGISTRATION_FAILED, TRANSFER_FAILED, and TRANSFER_PENDING.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a registration for example.com, run:

        $ gcloud domains registrations delete example.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registration resource - The domain registration to delete. This represents
     a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRATION
          ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the
          registration.

          To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registration on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations delete

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations delete

