NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub - centrally manage features and services on all
        your Kubernetes clusters with fleet

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The command group to register GKE or other Kubernetes clusters
    running in a variety of environments, including Google cloud, on premises
    in customer datacenters, or other third party clouds with fleet. Fleet
    provides a centralized control-plane to managed features and services on
    all registered clusters.

    A registered cluster is always associated with a Membership, a resource
    within fleet.

EXAMPLES
    Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes clusters with
    fleet:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub memberships --help

    Manage Config Management feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub config-management --help

    Manage Multi-cluster Ingress feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub ingress --help

    Manage Multi-cluster Services feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub multi-cluster-services --help

    Manage CloudRun feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub cloudrun --help

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     cloudrun
        (ALPHA) Manage the CloudRun feature.

     clusterupgrade
        (ALPHA) Configure the Fleet clusterupgrade feature.

     config-management
        (ALPHA) Manage Config Management feature.

     dataplane-v2-encryption
        (ALPHA) Manage Dataplane V2 Encryption Feature.

     features
        (ALPHA) Manage Hub Feature resources.

     fleetobservability
        (ALPHA) Manage Fleet Observability Feature.

     identity-service
        (ALPHA) Manage Identity Service Feature.

     ingress
        (ALPHA) Manage Multi-cluster Ingress Feature.

     memberships
        (ALPHA) Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes
        clusters with fleets.

     mesh
        (ALPHA) Manage Service Mesh Feature.

     multi-cluster-services
        (ALPHA) Manage Multi-cluster Services Feature.

     namespaceactuation
        (ALPHA) Manage Namespace Actuation Feature.

     operations
        (ALPHA) Manage Anthos fleet long-running operations.

     packages
        (ALPHA) Manage Fleet Packages resources.

     policycontroller
        (ALPHA) Manage Policy Controller Feature.

     rbacrolebindingactuation
        (ALPHA) Manage RbacRoleBinding Actuation.

     scopes
        (ALPHA) Manage scopes of all your GKE fleets.

     service-directory
        (ALPHA) Manage the Service Directory Feature.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a fleet.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a fleet.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Show fleet info.

     list
        (ALPHA) List fleets visible to the user in an organization.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update a fleet.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container hub

        $ gcloud beta container hub

