NAME
    gcloud beta container fleet operations wait - poll a long-running operation
        for completion

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container fleet operations wait
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION; default="global")
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Poll a long-running operation for completion.

EXAMPLES
    To wait for an operation in location us-west1 to complete, run:

        $ gcloud beta container fleet operations wait OPERATION \
            --location=us-west1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - operation to wait. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION; default="global"
          Google Cloud location for the operation.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container fleet operations wait

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet operations wait

