NAME
    gcloud alpha iot devices configs describe - show details about the latest
        configuration for a device

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iot devices configs describe
        (--device=DEVICE : --region=REGION --registry=REGISTRY)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) This command is deprecated. Google Cloud IoT Core has
    been retired.

    Show details about the latest configuration for a device.

EXAMPLES
    To show the details of the latest configuration for a device in region
    'us-central1', run:

        $ gcloud alpha iot devices configs describe --region=us-central1 \
            --registry=my-registry --device=my-device

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Device resource - The device you want to show the configuration for. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --device on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --device=DEVICE
          ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device.

          To set the device attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --device on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Cloud IoT region.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --device on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

       --registry=REGISTRY
          The name of the Cloud IoT registry.

          To set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --device on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --registry on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudiot/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iot devices configs describe

        $ gcloud beta iot devices configs describe

