NAME
    gcloud apigee products delete - delete an Apigee API product

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud apigee products delete (PRODUCT : --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete an Apigee API product.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an API product called product-name from the active Cloud Platform
    project, run:

        $ gcloud apigee products delete product-name

    To delete an API product called other-product from an Apigee organization
    called org-name, run:

        $ gcloud apigee products delete other-product --organization=org-name

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     API product resource - API product to be deleted. To get a list of
     available API products, run:

         $ gcloud apigee products list

         The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       PRODUCT
          ID of the API product or fully qualified identifier for the API
          product.

          To set the product attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument PRODUCT on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the API product. If unspecified, the
          Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument PRODUCT on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
            the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
            Apigee organization.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee products delete

        $ gcloud beta apigee products delete

