NAME
    gcloud apigee products describe - describe an Apigee API product

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud apigee products describe (PRODUCT : --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Apigee API product.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an API product called product-name in the active Cloud Platform
    project, run:

        $ gcloud apigee products describe product-name

    To describe an API product called other-product in an Apigee organization
    called org-name, run:

        $ gcloud apigee products describe other-product \
          --organization=org-name

    To describe an API product called product-name as a JSON object, run:

        $ gcloud apigee products describe product-name --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     API product resource - API product to be described. To get a list of
     available API products, run:

         $ gcloud apigee products list

         The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

    This must be specified.

         PRODUCT
            ID of the API product or fully qualified identifier for the API
            product. To set the product attribute:
            ▸ provide the argument PRODUCT on the command line.

            This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
            this group are specified.

         --organization=ORGANIZATION
            Apigee organization containing the API product. If unspecified, the
            Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used. To
            set the organization attribute:
            ▸ provide the argument PRODUCT on the command line with a fully
              specified name;
            ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
            ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project]
              on the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an
              associated Apigee organization.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha apigee products describe

        $ gcloud beta apigee products describe

