NAME
    gcloud beta beyondcorp security-gateways applications delete - delete
        applications

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta beyondcorp security-gateways applications delete
        (APPLICATION : --location=LOCATION --security-gateway=SECURITY_GATEWAY)
        [--async] [--request-id=REQUEST_ID] [--validate-only]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete an application

EXAMPLES
    To delete the application, run:

        $ gcloud beta beyondcorp security-gateways applications delete

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Application resource - Name of the resource. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument application on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       APPLICATION
          ID of the application or fully qualified identifier for the
          application.

          To set the application attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument application on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the application resource. We support only global
          location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument application on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --security-gateway=SECURITY_GATEWAY
          The securityGateway id of the application resource.

          To set the security-gateway attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument application on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --security-gateway on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --request-id=REQUEST_ID
        An optional request ID to identify requests. Specify a unique request
        ID so that if you must retry your request, the server will know to
        ignore the request if it has already been completed. The server will
        guarantee that for at least 60 minutes after the first request.

        For example, consider a situation where you make an initial request and
        the request times out. If you make the request again with the same
        request ID, the server can check if original operation with the same
        request ID was received, and if so, will ignore the second request.
        This prevents clients from accidentally creating duplicate commitments.

        The request ID must be a valid UUID with the exception that zero UUID
        is not supported (00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000).

     --validate-only
        If set, validates request by executing a dry-run which would not alter
        the resource in any way.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the beyondcorp/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

