NAME
    gcloud beta beyondcorp security-gateways applications set-iam-policy - set
        the IAM policy for a security gateway application

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta beyondcorp security-gateways applications set-iam-policy
        (APPLICATION : --location=LOCATION --security-gateway=SECURITY_GATEWAY)
        POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Sets the IAM policy for the given security gateway application.

EXAMPLES
    The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
    'policy.json' and set it for the security gateway application with ID
    my-security-gateway-application:

        $ gcloud beta beyondcorp security-gateways applications \
            set-iam-policy my-security-gateway-application policy.json \
            --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Application resource - The security gateway application for which to set
     the IAM policy. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument application on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       APPLICATION
          ID of the application or fully qualified identifier for the
          application.

          To set the application attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument application on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the application resource. We support only global
          location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument application on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --security-gateway=SECURITY_GATEWAY
          The securityGateway id of the application resource.

          To set the security-gateway attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument application on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --security-gateway on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the beyondcorp/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beyondcorp security-gateways applications set-iam-policy

