NAME
    gcloud beta monitoring channel-descriptors describe - describe a
        notification channel descriptor

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta monitoring channel-descriptors describe DESCRIPTOR
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describes a notification channel type by fetching its descriptor.

EXAMPLES
    The following command obtains the descriptor for the email channel type:

        $ gcloud beta monitoring channel-descriptors describe email

    The following command obtains the descriptor for the sms channel type:

        $ gcloud beta monitoring channel-descriptors describe sms

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Channel descriptor resource - The notification channel descriptor to
     describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument descriptor on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DESCRIPTOR
          ID of the channel_descriptor or fully qualified identifier for the
          channel_descriptor. To set the descriptor attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument descriptor on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the monitoring/v3 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha monitoring channel-descriptors describe

