NAME
    gcloud iap oauth-brands describe - describe a Cloud OAuth brand

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iap oauth-brands describe NAME [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (DEPRECATED) This command is deprecated and will be non-functional after
    the IAP OAuth Admin APIs are turned down. Jan 19, 2026: Google will
    discontinue support for the IAP OAuth Admin APIs. New projects will not be
    able to use these APIs. March 19, 2026: The IAP OAuth Admin APIs will be
    permanently shut down. Access to this feature will no longer be available.

    gcloud iap oauth-brands describe is used to describe a Cloud OAuth brand.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Cloud OAuth brand with name NAME, run:

        $ gcloud iap oauth-brands describe NAME

    To describe a Cloud OAuth brand with name NAME inside project PROJECT_ID,
    run:

        $ gcloud iap oauth-brands describe NAME --project=PROJECT_ID

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Brand resource - Name of the Cloud OAuth brand to describe. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the brand or fully qualified identifier for the brand.

          To set the brand attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iap/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-brands describe

        $ gcloud beta iap oauth-brands describe

