NAME
    gcloud alpha assured workloads enable-resource-monitoring - enables
        Resource Monitoring for an Assured Workloads environment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha assured workloads enable-resource-monitoring
        (WORKLOAD : --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Enable resource violation monitoring for a workload.

EXAMPLES
    To enable resource violation monitoring for a workload in the us-central1
    region, belonging to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha assured workloads enable-resource-monitoring \
            organizations/123/locations/us-central1/workloads/456

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workload resource - The Assured Workloads environment resource to
     enable-resource-monitoring. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       WORKLOAD
          ID of the workload or fully qualified identifier for the workload.

          To set the workload attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the workload.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The parent organization for the workload.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud assured workloads enable-resource-monitoring

        $ gcloud beta assured workloads enable-resource-monitoring

