NAME
    gcloud vmware network-peerings delete - delete a Google Cloud VMware Engine
        VPC network peering

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud vmware network-peerings delete
        (NETWORK_PEERING : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a VPC network peering. After you delete a VPC network peering, you
    won't be able to access the corresponding VMware Engine network through the
    peer network.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a VPC network peering with name my-peering, run:

        $ gcloud vmware network-peerings delete my-peering

    In this example, the project is taken from gcloud properties core/project
    and location is taken as global.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     VMware Engine VPC network peering resource - network_peering. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument network_peering on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NETWORK_PEERING
          ID of the VMware Engine VPC network peering or fully qualified
          identifier for the VMware Engine VPC network peering.

          To set the network-peering attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network_peering on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The resource name of the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network_peering on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set location as 'global' (default).

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete. The default is True. Enabled by default, use --no-async to
        disable.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
