NAME
    gcloud alpha managed-flink jobs delete - delete a BigQuery Engine for
        Apache Flink job

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha managed-flink jobs delete (JOB : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a BigQuery Engine for Apache Flink job.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a BigQuery Engine for Apache Flink whose ID is myjob, run the
    following:

        $ gcloud alpha managed-flink jobs delete myjob --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Job resource - Identifies the Flink job to be deleted. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       JOB
          ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.

          To set the job attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location of the Apache Flink for BigQuery resource. See
          https://cloud.google.com/managed-flink/docs/locations for a list of
          supported locations.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedflink/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-flink/docs/overview

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

