NAME
    gcloud eventarc providers describe - describe an Eventarc event provider

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud eventarc providers describe (PROVIDER : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Eventarc event provider.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the provider my-provider, run:

        $ gcloud eventarc providers describe my-provider

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Provider resource - The event provider to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument provider on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       PROVIDER
          ID of the provider or fully qualified identifier for the provider.

          To set the provider attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument provider on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the Eventarc provider, which should be either global
          or one of the supported regions. Alternatively, set the
          [eventarc/location] property.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument provider on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property eventarc/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
