NAME
    gcloud vmware operations describe - describe a Google Cloud VMware Engine
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud vmware operations describe (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a VMware Engine operation. An operation contains information about
    the status of a previous request.

EXAMPLES
    To get details about an operation on a private cloud with the operation ID
    operation-111-222-333-444, run:

        $ gcloud vmware operations describe operation-111-222-333-444 \
            --location=us-central1 --project=my-project

    Or:

        $ gcloud vmware operations describe operation-111-222-333-444 \
            --location=us-central1

    In the second example, the location is taken from gcloud property
    compute/zone.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - operation. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Zone of the private cloud or cluster.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
