NAME
    gcloud firestore fields ttls update - update the TTL configuration of the
        given field

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud firestore fields ttls update
        (FIELD : --collection-group=COLLECTION_GROUP --database=DATABASE)
        (--disable-ttl | --enable-ttl) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Update the TTL configuration of the given field.

    This enables or disables using a field as the TTL field for its collection
    group or kind. Note that only one field can be the TTL field for a
    collection group.

EXAMPLES
    The following command sets the expiry field of the Events collection group
    (kind) to be the TTL field:

        $ gcloud firestore fields ttls update expiry \
            --collection-group=Events --enable-ttl

    The following command disables the expiry field so it is no longer the TTL
    for the Events collection group (kind):

        $ gcloud firestore fields ttls update expiry \
            --collection-group=Events --disable-ttl

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Field resource - Field to update. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument field on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       FIELD
          ID of the field or fully qualified identifier for the field. To set
          the field attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument field on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --collection-group=COLLECTION_GROUP
          Collection group of the field.

          To set the collection-group attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument field on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --collection-group on the command line.

       --database=DATABASE
          Database of the field.

          To set the database attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument field on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --database on the command line;
          ▸ the default value of argument [--database] is (default).

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Exactly one of these must be specified:

       --disable-ttl
          Set to make this field no longer the TTL for its collection group.

       --enable-ttl
          Set to enable this field as the TTL for its collection group.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the firestore/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/firestore

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha firestore fields ttls update

        $ gcloud beta firestore fields ttls update

