NAME
    gcloud colab runtime-templates delete - delete a runtime template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud colab runtime-templates delete (RUNTIME_TEMPLATE : --region=REGION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a Colab Enterprise notebook runtime template.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a runtime template with id 'my-runtime-template' in region
    'us-central1', run:

        $ gcloud colab runtime-templates delete my-runtime-template \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Runtime template resource - Unique name of the runtime template to delete.
     This was optionally provided by setting --runtime-template-id in the
     create runtime-template command, or was system-generated if unspecified.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument runtime_template on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       RUNTIME_TEMPLATE
          ID of the runtime template or fully qualified identifier for the
          runtime template.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument runtime_template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the runtime template.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument runtime_template on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property colab/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta colab runtime-templates delete

