NAME
    gcloud beta composer environments check-upgrade - check that upgrading a
        Cloud Composer environment does not result in PyPI module conflicts

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta composer environments check-upgrade
        (ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [--airflow-version=AIRFLOW_VERSION | --image-version=IMAGE_VERSION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Check that upgrading a Cloud Composer environment does not result in
    PyPI module conflicts.

EXAMPLES
    To check that upgrading to the 'composer-1.16.5-airflow-1.10.15' image        in a Cloud Composer environment named 'env-1' does not cause
        PyPI package conflicts,
        run:

        $ gcloud beta composer environments check-upgrade env-1 \
            --image-version=composer-1.16.5-airflow-1.10.15

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - The environment to check upgrade for. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment. To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Compute Engine region in which to create the environment. To set the
          location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     Group of arguments for performing in-place environment upgrades.

     At most one of these can be specified:

       --airflow-version=AIRFLOW_VERSION
          Upgrade the environment to a later Airflow version in-place.

          Must be of the form X.Y[.Z].

          The Airflow version is a semantic version. The patch version can be
          omitted and the current version will be selected. The version numbers
          that are used will be stored.

       --image-version=IMAGE_VERSION
          Upgrade the environment to a later version in-place.

          The image version encapsulates the versions of both Cloud Composer
          and Apache Airflow. Must be of the form
          composer-A[.B.C[-D.E]]-airflow-X.Y[.Z].

          The Cloud Composer and Airflow versions are semantic versions. latest
          can be provided instead of an explicit Cloud Composer version number
          indicating that the server will replace latest with the current Cloud
          Composer version. For the Apache Airflow portion, the patch version
          can be omitted and the current version will be selected. The version
          numbers that are used will be stored.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments check-upgrade

