NAME
    gcloud beta composer environments database-failover - run a database
        failover operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta composer environments database-failover
        (ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Run a database failover operation.

EXAMPLES
    To run a manual database failover on the environment named environment-1,
    run:        $ gcloud beta composer environments database-failover environment-1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - The environment for which to trigger a database
     failover. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment.

          To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Region where Composer environment runs or in which to create the
          environment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud composer environments database-failover

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments database-failover

