NAME
    gcloud beta composer environments delete - delete one or more Cloud
        Composer environments

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta composer environments delete
        (ENVIRONMENTS [ENVIRONMENTS ...] : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Environments cannot be deleted unless they are in one of the RUNNING
    or ERROR states. If run asynchronously with --async, exits after printing
    one or more operation names that can be used to poll the status of the
    deletion(s) via:

        gcloud composer operations describe

    If any of the environments are already in the process of being deleted, the
    original deletion operations are waited on (default) or printed (--async).

EXAMPLES
    To delete the environment named environment-1, run:

        $ gcloud beta composer environments delete environment-1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - The environments to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument environments on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENTS [ENVIRONMENTS ...]
          IDs of the environments or fully qualified identifiers for the
          environments. To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environments on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Region where Composer environment runs or in which to create the
          environment. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environments on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud composer environments delete

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments delete

