NAME
    gcloud beta composer environments - create and manage Cloud Composer
        environments

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta composer environments GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) The gcloud beta composer environments command group lets you create
    Cloud Composer environments containing an Apache Airflow setup.
    Additionally, the command group supports environment updates including
    varying number of machines used to run Airflow, setting Airflow configs, or
    installing Python dependencies used in Airflow DAGs. The command group can
    also be used to delete Composer environments.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     snapshots
        (BETA) Save and load snapshots of environment.

     storage
        (BETA) Manage Cloud Storage objects stored as part of Cloud Composer
        environments.

     user-workloads-config-maps
        (BETA) Create and manage user workloads ConfigMaps of environment.

     user-workloads-secrets
        (BETA) Create and manage user workloads Secrets of environment.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     check-upgrade
        (BETA) Check that upgrading a Cloud Composer environment does not
        result in PyPI module conflicts.

     create
        (BETA) Create and initialize a Cloud Composer environment.

     database-failover
        (BETA) Run a database failover operation.

     delete
        (BETA) Delete one or more Cloud Composer environments.

     describe
        (BETA) Get details about a Cloud Composer environment.

     fetch-database-properties
        (BETA) Fetch database properties.

     list
        (BETA) List the Cloud Composer environments under a project and
        location.

     list-packages
        (BETA) List all PyPI modules installed in an Airflow worker.

     list-upgrades
        (BETA) List the Cloud Composer image version upgrades for a specific
        environment.

     list-workloads
        (BETA) List Composer workloads, supported in Composer 3 environments or
        greater.

     restart-web-server
        (BETA) Restart web server for a Cloud Composer environment.

     run
        (BETA) Run an Airflow sub-command remotely in a Cloud Composer
        environment.

     update
        (BETA) Update properties of a Cloud Composer environment.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud composer environments

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments

