NAME
    gcloud beta composer environments list-packages - list all PyPI modules
        installed in an Airflow worker

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta composer environments list-packages
        (ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION) [--tree] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    The following command:

        $ gcloud beta composer environments list-packages myenv

    runs the "python -m pip list" command on a worker and returns the output.

    The following command:

        $ gcloud beta composer environments list-packages myenv --tree

    runs the "python -m pipdeptree --warn" command on a worker and returns the
    output.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - The environment in which to list PyPI modules. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment. To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Region where Composer environment runs or in which to create the
          environment. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

FLAGS
     --tree
        List PyPI packages, their versions and a dependency tree, as displayed
        by the "python -m pipdeptree --warn" command.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud composer environments list-packages

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments list-packages

