NAME
    gcloud compute instance-groups managed - read and manipulate Compute Engine
        managed instance groups

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute instance-groups managed GROUP | COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Read and manipulate Compute Engine managed instance groups.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     all-instances-config
        Override instance template settings for all instances in a managed
        instance group.

     instance-configs
        Manage instance-specific settings in a managed instance group.

     rolling-action
        Manipulate rolling actions on Compute Engine managed instance groups.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     abandon-instances
        Abandon instances owned by a managed instance group.

     create
        Create a Compute Engine managed instance group.

     create-instance
        Create a new virtual machine instance in a managed instance group with
        a defined name and optionally its stateful configuration.

     delete
        Delete Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     delete-instances
        Delete instances that are managed by a managed instance group.

     describe
        Display detailed information about an instance group.

     describe-instance
        Describe an instance in a managed instance group.

     get-named-ports
        Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

     list
        List Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

     list-errors
        List errors produced by managed instances in a managed instance group.

     list-instances
        List instances present in the managed instance group.

     recreate-instances
        Recreate instances managed by a managed instance group.

     resize
        Set managed instance group size.

     set-autoscaling
        Set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     set-instance-template
        Set the instance template for a managed instance group.

     set-named-ports
        Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.

     set-target-pools
        Set target pools of managed instance group.

     stop-autoscaling
        Stop autoscaling a managed instance group.

     update
        Update a Compute Engine managed instance group.

     update-autoscaling
        Update autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

     update-instances
        Immediately update selected instances in a Compute Engine managed
        instance group.

     wait-until
        Wait until the managed instance group reaches the desired state.

     wait-until-stable
        (DEPRECATED) Waits until state of managed instance group is stable.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha compute instance-groups managed

        $ gcloud beta compute instance-groups managed

