NAME
    gcloud alpha network-services service-bindings describe - describe a
        service binding

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-services service-bindings describe
        (SERVICE_BINDING : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details of a service binding.

EXAMPLES
    Show details about a service binding named 'my-service-binding'.

        $ gcloud alpha network-services service-bindings describe \
            my-service-binding --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Service binding resource - Name of the service binding to be described.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument service_binding on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SERVICE_BINDING
          ID of the service binding or fully qualified identifier for the
          service binding.

          To set the service_binding attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service_binding on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service_binding on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud network-services service-bindings describe

        $ gcloud beta network-services service-bindings describe

