NAME
    gcloud alpha managed-kafka clusters describe - describe a Managed Service
        for Apache Kafka cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha managed-kafka clusters describe
        (CLUSTER : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Managed Service for Apache Kafka cluster.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a cluster named mycluster located in us-central1, run the
    following:

        $ gcloud alpha managed-kafka clusters describe mycluster \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - Identifies the cluster for details to be displayed. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location of the Managed Service for Apache Kafka resource.
          See https://cloud.google.com/managed-kafka/docs/locations for a list
          of supported locations.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedkafka/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed-kafka

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta managed-kafka clusters describe

