NAME
    gcloud alpha notebooks instances delete - request for deleting instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha notebooks instances delete (INSTANCE : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) This command is deprecated. Please use gcloud
    notebooks instead.

    Request for deleting notebook instances.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an instance, run:

        $ gcloud alpha notebooks instances delete example-instance \
          --location=us-central1-b

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - User-defined unique name of this instance. The
     instance name must be 1 to 63 characters long and contain only lowercase
     letters, numeric characters, and dashes. The first character must be a
     lowercase letter and the last character cannot be a dash. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location of this environment
          https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones/#locations.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property notebooks/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud notebooks instances delete

        $ gcloud beta notebooks instances delete

