NAME
    gcloud container azure clients describe - describe an Azure client

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud container azure clients describe (CLIENT : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Azure client.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an Azure client named my-client in location us-west1, run:

        $ gcloud container azure clients describe my-client \
            --location=us-west1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Client resource - Azure client to describe. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument client on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLIENT
          ID of the client or fully qualified identifier for the client. To set
          the client attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument client on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location for the client. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument client on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property container_azure/location;
          ▸ set the property azure/location (deprecated).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container azure clients describe

