NAME
    gcloud parametermanager parameters versions render - gets a single
        Parameter Manager parameter version render

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud parametermanager parameters versions render
        (VERSION : --location=LOCATION --parameter=PARAMETER)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Gets a single parameter version render resource.

EXAMPLES
    To get a single parameter version render my-parameter-version of a
    parameter my-parameter in location global run:

        $ gcloud parametermanager parameters versions render \
            my-parameter-version --parameter=my-parameter --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Version resource - Name of the resource The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version.

          To set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the version resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --parameter=PARAMETER
          The parameter id of the version resource.

          To set the parameter attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --parameter on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the parametermanager/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/parameter-manager/docs/overview
