NAME
    gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run delete - mark the
        Service Perimeter as deleted in the dry-run mode

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run delete
        (PERIMETER : --policy=POLICY) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) When this command completed successfully, the affected Service
    Perimeter will be considered to have been deleted in the dry-run mode, but
    the enforcement mode configuration will be left untouched.

EXAMPLES
    To mark the Service Perimeter as deleted in the dry-run mode:

        $ gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run delete \
            my-perimeter

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Perimeter resource - The service perimeter to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       PERIMETER
          ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter.

          To set the perimeter attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument perimeter on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --policy=POLICY
          The ID of the access policy.

          To set the policy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument perimeter on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --policy on the command line;
          ▸ set the property access_context_manager/policy.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud access-context-manager perimeters dry-run delete

        $ gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run delete

