NAME
    gcloud beta interactive - start the gcloud interactive shell

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta interactive [--context=CONTEXT] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) gcloud beta interactive provides an enhanced bash(1) command line
    with features that include:

      ▪ auto-completion and active help for all commands
      ▪ state preservation across commands: cd, local/environment variables

  Display
    The gcloud beta interactive display window is divided into sections,
    described here from top to bottom.

     Previous Output
        Command output scrolls above the command input section as commands are
        executed.

     Command Input
        Commands are typed, completed, and edited in this section. The default
        prompt is "$ ". If a context has been set, then its tokens are
        prepopulated before the cursor.

     Active Help
        As you type, this section displays in-line help summaries for commands,
        flags, and arguments. You can toggle active help on and off via the F2
        key. Hit F8 to display the help text in your browser.

     Status Display
        Current gcloud project and account information, and function key
        descriptions and settings are displayed in this section. Function keys
        toggle mode/state settings or run specific actions.

         F2:help:STATE
            Toggles the active help section, ON when enabled, OFF when
            disabled.

         F7:context
            Sets the context for command input, so you won't have to re-type
            common command prefixes at every prompt. The context is the command
            line from just after the prompt up to the cursor.

            For example, if you are about to work with gcloud compute for a
            while, type gcloud compute and hit F7. This will display gcloud
            compute at subsequent prompts until the context is changed.

            Hit ctrl-c and F7 to clear the context, or edit a command line
            and/or move the cursor and hit F7 to set a different context.

         F8:web-help
            Opens a web browser tab/window to display the complete man page
            help for the current command. If there is no active web browser
            (running in ssh(1) for example), then command specific help or
            man(1) help is attempted.

         F9:quit
            Exit.

  Auto and Tab Completion
    Command completions are displayed in a scrolling pop-up menu. Use tab and
    up/down keys to navigate the completions, and space or / to select the
    highlighted completion.

    Completions for known commands, flags, and static flag values are displayed
    automatically. Positional and dynamic flag value completions for known
    commands are displayed after tab is entered. Known commands include gcloud,
    bq, gsutil, kubectl, and any command with a man page that has been executed
    at least once in any interactive session.

    tab completion for unknown commands defers to bash(1), while still using
    the interactive user interface. Absent specific command information, a
    file/path completer is used when tab is entered for unknown positionals
    (arguments that do not start with '-'). The default completer handles '~'
    path notation and embedded $var references, but does not expand their
    values in completions.

    Configure bash completions as you normally would. gcloud beta interactive
    starts up bash in a mode that sources ~/.bashrc with the environment
    variable COSHELL_VERSION set to a non-empty version value.

    Command completion resets with each simple command in the command line.
    Simple commands are separated by '|', ';', '&' and may appear after '$(',
    '(', '{', '!', if, then, elif, while, and name=value per command exports.
    Use tab on an empty line to enable command executable search on PATH for
    the first token in each simple command.

    Currently simple and compound commands must be entered in a single line.

    Refer to Using gcloud interactive
    (https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/interactive-gcloud) for more information
    and animated GIFs.

  Control Characters
    Control characters affect the currently running command or the current
    command line being entered at the prompt.

     ctrl-c
        If a command is currently running, then that command is interrupted.
        This terminates the command. Otherwise, if no command is running,
        ctrl-c clears the current command line.

     ctrl-d
        Exits when entered as the first character at the command prompt. You
        can also run the exit command at the prompt.

     ctrl-w
        If a command is not currently running, then the last word on the
        command line is deleted. This is handy for "walking back" partial
        completions.

  Command history
    gcloud beta interactive maintains persistent command history across
    sessions.

    emacs mode
         ^N
            Move ahead one line in the history.
         ^P
            Move back one line in the history.
         ^R
            Search backwards in the history.

    vi mode
         /
            Search backwards in the history.
         j
            Move ahead one line in the history.
         k
            Move back one line in the history.
         n
            Search backwards for the next match.
         N
            Search forwards for the next match.

    history search mode
         ENTER/RETURN
            Retrieve the matched command line from the history.
         ^R
            Search backwards for the next match.
         ^S
            Search forwards for the next match.

  Layout Configuration
    Parts of the layout are configurable via $ gcloud config set
    interactive/property. These properties are only checked at startup. You
    must exit and restart to see the effects of new settings.

     bottom_bindings_line
        If True, display the bottom key bindings line. The default value is
        true.

     bottom_status_line
        If True, display the bottom status line. The default value is false.

     completion_menu_lines
        Number of lines in the completion menu. The default value is 4.

     context
        Command context string. The default value is "".

     debug
        If True, enable the debugging display. The default value is false.

     fixed_prompt_position
        If True, display the prompt at the same position. The default value is
        false.

     help_lines
        Maximum number of help snippet lines. The default value is 10.

     hidden
        If True, expose hidden commands/flags. The default value is false.

     justify_bottom_lines
        If True, left- and right-justify bottom toolbar lines. The default
        value is false.

     manpage_generator
        If True, use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported commands.
        The default value is true.

     multi_column_completion_menu
        If True, display the completions as a multi-column menu. The default
        value is false.

     obfuscate
        If True, obfuscate status PII. The default value is false.

     prompt
        Command prompt string. The default value is "$ ".

     show_help
        If True, show help as command args are being entered. The default value
        is true.

     suggest
        If True, add command line suggestions based on history. The default
        value is false.

  CLI Trees
    gcloud beta interactive uses CLI tree data files for typeahead, command
    line completion, and help snippet generation. A few CLI trees are installed
    with their respective Google Cloud CLI components: gcloud (core component),
    bq, gsutil, and kubectl. Trees for commands that have man(1) pages are
    generated on the fly. See $ gcloud topic cli-trees for details.

EXAMPLES
    To set the command context of gcloud beta interactive to "gcloud ", run:

        gcloud beta interactive --context="gcloud "

FLAGS
     --context=CONTEXT
        Default command context. This is a string containing a command name,
        flags, and arguments. The context is prepopulated in each command line.
        You can inline edit any part of the context, or ctrl-c to eliminate it.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    On Windows, install git(1) for a bash(1) experience. gcloud beta
    interactive will then use the git (MinGW) bash instead of cmd.exe.

    Please run $ gcloud feedback to report bugs or request new features.

    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha interactive

