NAME
    gcloud alpha monitoring policies conditions delete - delete a condition in
        an alerting policy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha monitoring policies conditions delete
        (CONDITION : --policy=POLICY) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a condition in an alerting policy. If the specified
    condition does not exist, this command will fail with an error. This will
    not delete the policy if no conditions exist.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Condition resource - The name of the Condition to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument condition on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONDITION
          ID of the condition or fully qualified identifier for the condition.
          To set the condition attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument condition on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --policy=POLICY
          Name of the alerting policy. To set the policy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument condition on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --policy on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

