NAME
    gcloud alpha netapp volumes replications resume - resume a Cloud NetApp
        Volume Replication

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha netapp volumes replications resume
        (REPLICATION : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [--volume=VOLUME]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Resume a Cloud NetApp Volume Replication.

EXAMPLES
    The following command resumes a Replication named NAME using the required
    arguments:

        $ gcloud alpha netapp volumes replications resume NAME \
          --location=us-central1 --volume=vol1

    To resume a Replication named NAME asynchronously, run the following
    command:

        $ gcloud alpha netapp volumes replications resume NAME \
          --location=us-central1 --volume=vol1 --async

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Replication resource - The Replication to create. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument replication on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the volume attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument replication on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --volume on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       REPLICATION
          ID of the replication or fully qualified identifier for the
          replication.

          To set the replication attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument replication on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the replication.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument replication on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property netapp/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     Volume resource - The Volume that the Replication is based on This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line;
      ◆ set the property netapp/location.

     --volume=VOLUME
        ID of the volume or fully qualified identifier for the volume.

        To set the volume attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument --volume on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud netapp volumes replications resume

        $ gcloud beta netapp volumes replications resume

