NAME
    gcloud alpha api-gateway apis delete - deletes an API

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha api-gateway apis delete API [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Deletes an API.

    NOTE: All API configs belonging to the API will need to be deleted before
    the API can be deleted.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an API 'my-api', run:

        $ gcloud alpha api-gateway apis delete my-api

    NOTE: All API configs belonging to the API will need to be deleted before
    the API can be deleted.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Api resource - Name for API which will be deleted. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument api on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument api on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ Location for API and API Configs. Defaults to global.

     This must be specified.

       API
          ID of the api or fully qualified identifier for the api. To set the
          api attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument api on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud api-gateway apis delete

        $ gcloud beta api-gateway apis delete

