NAME
    gcloud beta metastore services describe - describe a Dataproc Metastore
        service

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta metastore services describe (SERVICE : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Dataproc Metastore service.

    Displays all details of a Dataproc Metastore service given a valid service
    ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataproc Metastore service with the ID my-metastore-service
    in us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta metastore services describe my-metastore-service \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Service resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Metastore service
     you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SERVICE
          ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.

          To set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataproc Metastore service.

          If not specified, will use default metastore/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the metastore/v1beta API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud metastore services describe

        $ gcloud alpha metastore services describe

