NAME
    gcloud api-gateway gateways delete - delete an API Gateway

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud api-gateway gateways delete (GATEWAY : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete an API Gateway.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a gateway 'my-gateway' in 'us-central1', run:

        $ gcloud api-gateway gateways delete my-gateway \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Gateway resource - Name for gateway which will be deleted. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument gateway on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       GATEWAY
          ID of the gateway or fully qualified identifier for the gateway.

          To set the gateway attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument gateway on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Cloud location for gateway.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument gateway on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha api-gateway gateways delete

        $ gcloud beta api-gateway gateways delete

