NAME
    gcloud alpha service-directory endpoints delete - deletes an endpoint

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha service-directory endpoints delete
        (ENDPOINT
          : --location=LOCATION --namespace=NAMESPACE --service=SERVICE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Deletes an endpoint.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Service Directory endpoint, run:

        $ gcloud alpha service-directory endpoints delete my-endpoint \
            --service=my-service --namespace=my-namespace \
            --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Endpoint resource - The Service Directory endpoint to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument endpoint on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENDPOINT
          ID of the endpoint or fully qualified identifier for the endpoint.

          To set the endpoint attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument endpoint on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The name of the region for the endpoint.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument endpoint on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --namespace=NAMESPACE
          The name of the namespace for the endpoint.

          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument endpoint on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --namespace on the command line.

       --service=SERVICE
          The name of the service for the endpoint.

          To set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument endpoint on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --service on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud service-directory endpoints delete

        $ gcloud beta service-directory endpoints delete

