NAME
    gcloud alpha scc remediation-intents describe - describes a remediation
        intent resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha scc remediation-intents describe
        (REMEDIATIONINTENT : --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Cloud Security Command Center (SCC) RemediationIntent
    resource. The resource is returned as the response of the command.

EXAMPLES
    Sample usage: Describe a remediation intent resource of id 1234 under
    organization 12345 and location global: $ {command} scc remediation-intents
    describe \        organizations/12345/locations/global/remediationIntents/1234

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     RemediationIntent resource - The remediation intent resource. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       REMEDIATIONINTENT
          ID of the remediationIntent or fully qualified identifier for the
          remediationIntent.

          To set the remediation-intent attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument remediationintent on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Google Cloud location for the remediationIntent.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument remediationintent on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The Google Cloud organization for the remediationIntent.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument remediationintent on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

