NAME
    gcloud beta metastore operations delete - delete one or more completed
        Dataproc Metastore operations

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta metastore operations delete
        (OPERATIONS [OPERATIONS ...] : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete one or more completed Dataproc Metastore operations.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Dataproc Metastore operation with the name operation-1 in
    location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta metastore operations delete operation-1 \
            --location=us-central1

    To delete multiple Dataproc Metastore services with the name operation-1
    and operation-2 in the same location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta metastore operations delete operation-1 operation-2 \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The operations to delete. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operations on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATIONS [OPERATIONS ...]
          IDs of the operations or fully qualified identifiers for the
          operations.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operations on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location to which the operations belongs.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operations on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud metastore operations delete

        $ gcloud alpha metastore operations delete

