NAME
    gcloud alpha bms networks rename - rename a Bare Metal Solution network

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bms networks rename (NETWORK : --region=REGION)
        --new-name=NEW_NAME [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Rename a Bare Metal Solution network.

EXAMPLES
    To rename a network my-network to my-new-network-name in region
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bms networks rename my-network \
            --new-name=my-new-network-name --region=us-central1 \
            --project=bms-example-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Network resource - network. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument network on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NETWORK
          ID of the network or fully qualified identifier for the network.

          To set the network attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --new-name=NEW_NAME
        New network name for renaming an already existing network.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud bms networks rename

