NAME
    gcloud eventarc channel-connections describe - describe an Eventarc channel
        connection

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud eventarc channel-connections describe
        (CHANNEL_CONNECTION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe an Eventarc channel connection.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the channel connection my-channel-connection in location
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud eventarc channel-connections describe \
            my-channel-connection --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Channel connection resource - Channel connection to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument channel_connection on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CHANNEL_CONNECTION
          ID of the channel connection or fully qualified identifier for the
          channel connection. To set the channel-connection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument channel_connection on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the Eventarc channel connection, which should be
          either global or one of the supported regions. Alternatively, set the
          [eventarc/location] property. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument channel_connection on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property eventarc/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.
