NAME
    gcloud alpha artifacts tags create - create an Artifact Registry tag

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha artifacts tags create
        (TAG : --location=LOCATION --package=PACKAGE --repository=REPOSITORY)
        --version=VERSION [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Create a new Artifact Registry tag.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ A tag with the same name already exists.
      ▪ The specified version or package does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to create tags.
      ▪ The specified package format doesn't support tag operations (e.g.
        maven).

EXAMPLES
    To create a tag with the name my-tag for version 1.0.0 of package my-pkg
    under the current project, repository, and location, run:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts tags create my-tag --version=1.0.0 \
            --package=my-pkg

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tag resource - The Artifact Registry tag to create. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument tag on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       TAG
          ID of the tag or fully qualified identifier for the tag. To set the
          tag attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the tag. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

       --package=PACKAGE
          The package associated with the tag.

          To set the package attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --package on the command line.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          The repository associated with the tag. Overrides the default
          artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To
          configure the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set
          artifacts/repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tag on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --version=VERSION
        The version associated with the tag.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud artifacts tags create

        $ gcloud beta artifacts tags create

