NAME
    gcloud beta network-connectivity transports delete - delete a transport

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta network-connectivity transports delete
        (TRANSPORT : --region=REGION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete the specified transport.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a transport named mytransport in the us-east4 region, run:

        $ gcloud beta network-connectivity transports delete mytransport \
            --region=us-east4

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Transport resource - Name of the Transport to be deleted. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument transport on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TRANSPORT
          ID of the transport or fully qualified identifier for the transport.

          To set the transport attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument transport on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The location Id.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument transport on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkconnectivity/v1beta API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/network-connectivity/docs/reference/networkconnectivity/rest

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

