NAME
    gcloud beta redis instances describe - show metadata for a Memorystore
        Redis instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta redis instances describe (INSTANCE : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Show metadata for a Memorystore Redis instance.

    Displays all metadata associated with a Redis instance given a valid
    instance name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The instance specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        instance.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for an instance with the name my-redis-instance in
    the default region, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis instances describe my-redis-instance

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
     instance you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default
          redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud redis instances describe

        $ gcloud alpha redis instances describe

