NAME
    gcloud beta redis instances get-auth-string - show AUTH string for a
        Memorystore Redis instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta redis instances get-auth-string (INSTANCE : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Show AUTH string for a Memorystore Redis instance.

    Result is empty if AUTH is disabled for the instance.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The instance specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to view the AUTH string

EXAMPLES
    To display the AUTH string for an instance with the name my-redis-instance
    in the default region, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis instances get-auth-string my-redis-instance

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
     instance you want to view the AUTH string for. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. To
          set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default
          redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud redis instances get-auth-string

        $ gcloud alpha redis instances get-auth-string

