NAME
    gcloud beta secrets versions access - access a secret version's data

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta secrets versions access (VERSION : --secret=SECRET)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Access the data for the specified secret version.

EXAMPLES
    Access the data for version 123 of the secret 'my-secret':

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions access 123 --secret=my-secret

    Note: The output will be formatted as UTF-8 which can corrupt binary
    secrets. To get the raw bytes, have Cloud SDK print the response as
    base64-encoded and decode:

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions access 123 --secret=my-secret \
            --format='get(payload.data)' | tr '_-' '/+' | base64 -d

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Version resource - Numeric secret version to access or a configured alias
     (including 'latest' to use the latest version). The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. To
          set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --secret=SECRET
          The secret of the version. To set the secret attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --secret on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud secrets versions access

