NAME
    gcloud beta secrets versions add - create a new version of an existing
        secret

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta secrets versions add SECRET --data-file=PATH
        [--location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Create a new version of an existing secret with the provided data.
    The command will return an error if no such secret exists.

EXAMPLES
    Create a new version of an existing secret named 'my-secret' with secret
    data "s3cr3t":

        $ printf "s3cr3t" | gcloud beta secrets versions add my-secret \
            --data-file=-

    Create a new version of an existing secret named 'my-secret' with secret
    data "s3cr3t" using PowerShell (Note: PowerShell will add a newline to the
    resulting secret):

        $ Write-Output "s3cr3t" | gcloud beta secrets versions add \
            my-secret --data-file=-

    Create a new version of an existing secret named 'my-secret' with secret
    data from a file:

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions add my-secret --data-file=/tmp/secret

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Secret resource - The secret to create. This represents a Cloud resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument SECRET on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SECRET
          ID of the secret or fully qualified identifier for the secret.

          To set the secret attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument SECRET on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --data-file=PATH
        File path from which to read secret data. Set this to "-" to read the
        secret data from stdin.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     Location resource - The location to create secret version. This represents
     a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud secrets versions add

