NAME
    gcloud beta secrets versions destroy - destroy a secret version's metadata
        and secret data

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta secrets versions destroy (VERSION : --secret=SECRET)
        [--etag=ETAG] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Destroy a secret version's metadata and secret data. This action is
    irreversible.

EXAMPLES
    Destroy version '123' of the secret named 'my-secret':

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions destroy 123 --secret=my-secret

    Destroy version '123' of the secret named 'my-secret' using an etag:

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions destroy 123 --secret=my-secret \
            --etag=\"123\"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Version resource - Numeric secret version to destroy. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. To
          set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --secret=SECRET
          The secret of the version. To set the secret attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --secret on the command line.

FLAGS
     --etag=ETAG
        Current entity tag (ETag) of the secret version. If this flag is
        defined, the version is updated only if the ETag provided matched the
        current version's ETag.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud secrets versions destroy

