NAME
    gcloud beta secrets versions disable - disable the version of the provided
        secret

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta secrets versions disable (VERSION : --secret=SECRET)
        [--etag=ETAG] [--location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Disable the version of the provided secret. It can be re-enabled
    with gcloud beta secrets versions enable.

EXAMPLES
    Disable version 123 of the secret named my-secret:

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions disable 123 --secret=my-secret

    Disable version 123 of the secret named my-secret using an etag:

        $ gcloud beta secrets versions disable 123 --secret=my-secret \
            --etag=123

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Version resource - Numeric secret version to disable. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version.

          To set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --secret=SECRET
          The secret of the version.

          To set the secret attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument VERSION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --secret on the command line.

FLAGS
     --etag=ETAG
        Current entity tag (ETag) of the secret version. If specified, the
        version is disabled only if the ETag provided matches the current
        version's ETag.

     Location resource - The location to disable. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     --location=LOCATION
        ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

        To set the location attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud secrets versions disable

