NAME
    gcloud services api-keys get-key-string - get the key string of an API key

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud services api-keys get-key-string (KEY : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Get the key string of an API key

EXAMPLES
    To get the key string of API key 1234, run:

        $ gcloud services api-keys get-key-string 1234

    To get the key string of API key 1234 in project myproject using the fully
    qualified API key name, run:

        $ gcloud services api-keys get-key-string \
             projects/myproject/locations/global/keys/1234

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Key resource - The name of the key to retrieve key string. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEY
          ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key.

          To set the key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the key.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ location will default to global.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha services api-keys get-key-string

        $ gcloud beta services api-keys get-key-string

