NAME
    gcloud beta apigee applications describe - describe an Apigee application

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta apigee applications describe
        (APPLICATION : --organization=ORGANIZATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe an Apigee application.

    gcloud beta apigee applications describe retrieves the application's
    details, including its developer, credentials, API products, and other
    information.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an application for the active Cloud Platform project whose UUID
    is 46d6151e-0000-4dfa-b9c7-c03b8b58bb2f, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee applications describe \
          46d6151e-0000-4dfa-b9c7-c03b8b58bb2f

    To describe that application in the Apigee organization my-org, formatted
    as a JSON object, run:

        $ gcloud beta apigee applications describe \
          46d6151e-0000-4dfa-b9c7-c03b8b58bb2f --organization=my-org \
          --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Application resource - Application to be described. To get a list of
     available applications, run gcloud beta apigee applications list. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       APPLICATION
          ID of the application or fully qualified identifier for the
          application. To set the app attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument APPLICATION on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          Apigee organization containing the application. If unspecified, the
          Cloud Platform project's associated organization will be used. To set
          the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument APPLICATION on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property [project] or provide the argument [--project] on
            the command line, using a Cloud Platform project with an associated
            Apigee organization.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud apigee applications describe

        $ gcloud alpha apigee applications describe

