NAME
    gcloud beta lifesciences operations wait - wait for Cloud Life Sciences
        operation to complete

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta lifesciences operations wait (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    To wait for the completion of the operation called my-operation, run:

        $ gcloud beta lifesciences operations wait my-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The Cloud Life Sciences operation to wait for. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property lifesciences/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha lifesciences operations wait

