NAME
    gcloud iot registries set-iam-policy - set IAM policy for a device registry

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iot registries set-iam-policy (REGISTRY : --region=REGION)
        POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a device registry, given
    a REGISTRY and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy.
    If the given policy file specifies an "etag" value, then the replacement
    will succeed only if the policy already in place matches that etag. (An
    etag obtained via $ gcloud iot registries get-iam-policy will prevent the
    replacement if the policy for the device registry has been subsequently
    updated.) A policy file that does not contain an etag value will replace
    any existing policy for the device registry.

EXAMPLES
    The following command will read an IAM policy from 'policy.json' and set it
    for a device registry with 'my-registry' as the identifier:

        $ gcloud iot registries set-iam-policy --region=us-central1 \
            my-registry policy.json

    See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing-policies for details of the
    policy file format and contents.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registry resource - The device registry for which to set IAM policy. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registry on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRY
          ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry. To
          set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the registry. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registry on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha iot registries set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud beta iot registries set-iam-policy

