NAME
    gcloud alpha immersive-stream xr operations describe - get description of a
        long-running Immersive Stream for XR operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha immersive-stream xr operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get information about a long-running Immersive Stream for XR
    operation.

EXAMPLES
    To get information about a long-running operation with name
    projects/my-project/locations/global/operations/operation-123, run the
    following command:

        $ gcloud alpha immersive-stream xr operations describe \
            projects/my-project/locations/global/operations/operation-123

    or simply run

        $ gcloud alpha immersive-stream xr operations describe operation-123

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The ID of the operation to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Global location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the stream/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud immersive-stream xr operations describe

