NAME
    gcloud beta metastore services imports update - update a metadata import

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta metastore services imports update
        (IMPORT : --location=LOCATION --service=SERVICE) [--async]
        [--description=DESCRIPTION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) (DEPRECATED) This command has been deprecated. Please use gcloud
    metastore services import command group instead.

    Update the parameters of a metadata import. Only the description field of a
    metadata import is supported to be updated.

    If run asynchronously with --async, exits after printing one operation name
    that can be used to poll the status of the update via:

        gcloud metastore operations describe

EXAMPLES
    To update a metadata import with the name my-metadata-import to have
    description New description, run:

        $ gcloud beta metastore services imports update my-metadata-import \
          --description="New description"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Import resource - Arguments and flags that specify the metadata import you
     want to create. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument import on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       IMPORT
          ID of the import or fully qualified identifier for the import.

          To set the import attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument import on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataproc Metastore service.

          If not specified, will use default metastore/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument import on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

       --service=SERVICE
          The identifier of the Dataproc Metastore service

          To set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument import on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --service on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --description=DESCRIPTION
        The description of the metadata import.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the metastore/v1beta API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha metastore services imports update

