NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud container machines describe - show details about
        the machine

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud container machines describe
        (MACHINE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details about the machine.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a machine called 'my-machine' in region us-central1,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud container machines describe my-machine \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Machine resource - The machine you want to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument machine on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       MACHINE
          ID of the machine or fully qualified identifier for the machine.

          To set the machine attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument machine on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The global location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument machine on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property edge_container/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgecontainer/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/edge-cloud

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud edge-cloud container machines describe

