NAME
    gcloud beta netapp backup-vaults backups describe - describe a Cloud NetApp
        Backup

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta netapp backup-vaults backups describe
        (BACKUP : --location=LOCATION) [--backup-vault=BACKUP_VAULT]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Cloud NetApp Backup.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes a Backup named BACKUP in the given location
    and backup vault:

        $ gcloud beta netapp backup-vaults backups describe NAME \
          --location=us-central1 --backup-vault=BACKUP_VAULT

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup resource - The Backup to describe. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the backup_vault attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --backup-vault on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP
          ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup.

          To set the backup attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the backup.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property netapp/location;
          ▸ set the property netapp/region.

FLAGS
     Backup vault resource - The Backup Vault that the Backup is stored in This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --backup-vault on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --backup-vault on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --location on the command line;
      ◆ set the property netapp/location;
      ◆ set the property netapp/region.

       --backup-vault=BACKUP_VAULT
          ID of the backup_vault or fully qualified identifier for the
          backup_vault.

          To set the backup_vault attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --backup-vault on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

