NAME
    gcloud dataplex zones describe - describe a Dataplex zone resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataplex zones describe (ZONE : --lake=LAKE --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Displays all details of a Dataplex zone resource given a valid zone ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataplex zone test-zone within lake test-lake in location
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud dataplex zones describe test-zone --location=us-central1 \
          --lake=test-lake

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Zone resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex zones you
     want to retrieve. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument zone on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       ZONE
          ID of the zone or fully qualified identifier for the zone. To set the
          zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zone on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --lake=LAKE
          Identifier of the Dataplex lake resource.

          To set the lake attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zone on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --lake on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument zone on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex zones describe

