NAME
    gcloud beta metastore services migrations cancel - cancel the migration to
        Dataproc Metastore service

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta metastore services migrations cancel
        (SERVICE : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Cancel the migration to Dataproc Metastore service.

    If run asynchronously with --async, exits after printing the operation name
    that can be used to poll the status of the migration operation via:

        gcloud metastore operations describe

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Service resource - The Dataproc Metastore service to cancel the migration
     on. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
     this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SERVICE
          ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.

          To set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataproc Metastore service.

          If not specified, will use default metastore/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the metastore/v1beta API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha metastore services migrations cancel

