NAME
    gcloud beta metastore services migrations describe - describe a migration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta metastore services migrations describe
        (MIGRATION : --location=LOCATION --service=SERVICE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a migration.

    Displays all details of a migration given a migration ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a migration with the ID my-migration under service my-service,
    run:

        $ gcloud beta metastore services migrations describe my-migration \
            --service=my-service

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Migration resource - Arguments and flags that specify the migration you
     want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument migration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MIGRATION
          ID of the migration or fully qualified identifier for the migration.

          To set the migration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument migration on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataproc Metastore service.

          If not specified, will use default metastore/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument migration on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

       --service=SERVICE
          The identifier of the Dataproc Metastore service

          To set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument migration on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --service on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the metastore/v1beta API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha metastore services migrations describe

