NAME
    gcloud alpha apphub applications workloads delete - delete an Apphub
        application workload

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apphub applications workloads delete
        (WORKLOAD : --application=APPLICATION --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete an Apphub application workload.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the Workload my-workload from the Application my-app in location
    us-east1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apphub applications workloads delete my-workload \
            --application=my-app --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workload resource - The Workload ID. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument workload on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WORKLOAD
          ID of the workload or fully qualified identifier for the workload.

          To set the workload attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --application=APPLICATION
          Name for the application

          To set the application attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --application on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the workload.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud apphub applications workloads delete

