NAME
    gcloud composer environments describe - get details about a Cloud Composer
        environment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud composer environments describe (ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Get details about a Cloud Composer environment.

EXAMPLES
    To get details about the Cloud Composer environment env-1, run:

        $ gcloud composer environments describe env-1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - The environment to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment. To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Compute Engine region in which to create the environment. To set the
          location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments describe

        $ gcloud beta composer environments describe

