NAME
    gcloud composer environments - create and manage Cloud Composer
        environments

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud composer environments GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    The gcloud composer environments command group lets you create Cloud
    Composer environments containing an Apache Airflow setup. Additionally, the
    command group supports environment updates including varying number of
    machines used to run Airflow, setting Airflow configs, or installing Python
    dependencies used in Airflow DAGs. The command group can also be used to
    delete Composer environments.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     snapshots
        Save and load snapshots of environment.

     storage
        Manage Cloud Storage objects stored as part of Cloud Composer
        environments.

     user-workloads-config-maps
        Create and manage user workloads ConfigMaps of environment.

     user-workloads-secrets
        Create and manage user workloads Secrets of environment.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     check-upgrade
        Check that upgrading a Cloud Composer environment does not result in
        PyPI module conflicts.

     create
        Create and initialize a Cloud Composer environment.

     database-failover
        Run a database failover operation.

     delete
        Delete one or more Cloud Composer environments.

     describe
        Get details about a Cloud Composer environment.

     fetch-database-properties
        Fetch database properties.

     list
        List the Cloud Composer environments under a project and location.

     list-packages
        List all PyPI modules installed in an Airflow worker.

     list-upgrades
        List the Cloud Composer image version upgrades for a specific
        environment.

     list-workloads
        List Composer workloads, supported in Composer 3 environments or
        greater.

     restart-web-server
        Restart web server for a Cloud Composer environment.

     run
        Run an Airflow sub-command remotely in a Cloud Composer environment.

     update
        Update properties of a Cloud Composer environment.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments

        $ gcloud beta composer environments

