NAME
    gcloud bms volumes snapshots describe - describe a Bare Metal Solution boot
        volume snapshot

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud bms volumes snapshots describe
        (SNAPSHOT : --region=REGION --volume=VOLUME) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a Bare Metal Solution boot volume snapshot.

EXAMPLES
    To get a description of a snapshot called my-snapshot on boot volume
    my-boot-volume in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud bms volumes snapshots describe my-snapshot \
            --region=us-central1 --volume=my-boot-volume

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Snapshot resource - snapshot. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument snapshot on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SNAPSHOT
          ID of the snapshot or fully qualified identifier for the snapshot.

          To set the snapshot attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument snapshot on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument snapshot on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

       --volume=VOLUME
          Bare Metal Solution volume.

          To set the volume attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument snapshot on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --volume on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha bms volumes snapshots describe

