NAME
    gcloud dataproc operations delete - delete the record of an inactive
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataproc operations delete (OPERATION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete the record of an inactive operation.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the record of an operation, run:

        $ gcloud dataproc operations delete operation_id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The ID of the operation to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the operation. Each Dataproc region constitutes
          an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc operations delete

        $ gcloud beta dataproc operations delete

