NAME
    gcloud redis operations describe - show metadata for a Memorystore Redis
        operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud redis operations describe (OPERATION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Display all metadata associated with a Redis operation given a valid
    operation name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The operation specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        operation.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for an operation named my-redis-operation in the
    default region, run:

        $ gcloud redis operations describe my-redis-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore
     Redis operation you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the operation. Overrides the default
          redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha redis operations describe

        $ gcloud beta redis operations describe

