NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cache services describe - show details about an
        EdgeCacheService resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cache services describe (SERVICE : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details about an EdgeCacheService resource.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about an EdgeCacheService resource named 'my-service', run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cache services describe my-service

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Service resource - The EdgeCacheService resource you want to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SERVICE
          ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.

          To set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ use global location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud edge-cache services describe

