NAME
    gcloud alpha redis clusters backup-collections describe - show metadata for
        a backup collection

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha redis clusters backup-collections describe
        (BACKUP_COLLECTION : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show metadata for a backup collection.

    Displays all metadata associated with a backup collection.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The backup collection specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        backup collection.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for a backup collection with the name
    my-backup-collection in the us-central1 region, run:

        $ {commmand} my-backup-collection --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup collection resource - Arguments and flags that specify the backup
     collection you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup_collection on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP_COLLECTION
          ID of the backup collection or fully qualified identifier for the
          backup collection.

          To set the backup_collection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup_collection on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the backup collection. Overrides the
          default redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup_collection on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta redis clusters backup-collections describe

