NAME
    gcloud alpha scheduler jobs pause - pause the execution of a job

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha scheduler jobs pause (JOB : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Pause the execution of a job.

EXAMPLES
    The following command pauses the execution of a job:

        $ gcloud alpha scheduler jobs pause my-job

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Job resource - The job to pause. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       JOB
          ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.

          To set the job attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the job. By default, uses the location of the current
          project's App Engine app if there is an associated app.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument job on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ defaults to App Engine's app location if not provided & an app
            exists.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudscheduler/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud scheduler jobs pause

        $ gcloud beta scheduler jobs pause

