NAME
    gcloud alpha ml speech recognizers delete - delete a Speech-to-text
        recognizer

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ml speech recognizers delete
        (RECOGNIZER : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Speech-to-text recognizer.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Recognizer resource - recognizer. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument recognizer on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       RECOGNIZER
          ID of the recognizer or fully qualified identifier for the
          recognizer. To set the recognizer attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument recognizer on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the recognizer.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument recognizer on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete. The default is False.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

