NAME
    gcloud beta service-directory services delete - deletes a service

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta service-directory services delete
        (SERVICE : --location=LOCATION --namespace=NAMESPACE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Deletes a service.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Service Directory service, run:

        $ gcloud beta service-directory services delete my-service \
            --namespace=my-namespace --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Service resource - The Service Directory service to delete. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SERVICE
          ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service. To
          set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The name of the region for the service. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --namespace=NAMESPACE
          The name of the namespace for the service. To set the namespace
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --namespace on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud service-directory services delete

        $ gcloud alpha service-directory services delete

