NAME
    gcloud beta active-directory domains migration check-permissions - check
        existing permissions on a Managed Microsoft AD domain for domain
        migration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta active-directory domains migration check-permissions DOMAIN
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Check existing permissions on a Managed Microsoft AD domain for
    domain migration.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified domain doesn't exist.
      ▪ The specified domain is either being created or updated.
      ▪ The active account doesn't have permission to check migration
        permissions on the specified domain.

EXAMPLES
    The following command checks migration permissions on the domain
    my-domain.com in project my-project.

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains migration check-permissions \
            my-domain.com --project=my-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Domain resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain for which you
     want to check migration permissions. This represents a Cloud resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument domain on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DOMAIN
          ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.

          To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument domain on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1beta1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains migration check-permissions

