NAME
    gcloud beta active-directory domains migration disable - disable domain
        migration permissions on a Managed Microsoft AD domain

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta active-directory domains migration disable DOMAIN [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Disable domain migration permissions on a Managed Microsoft AD
    domain.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified domain doesn't exist.
      ▪ The specified domain is either being created or updated.
      ▪ The active account doesn't have permission to disable migration
        permissions on the specified domain.

EXAMPLES
    The following command disables migration permissions on the domain
    my-domain.com in project my-project.

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains migration disable \
            my-domain.com --project=my-project --async

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Domain resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain on which you
     want to disable migration permissions. This represents a Cloud resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument domain on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       DOMAIN
          ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.

          To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument domain on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1beta1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains migration disable

