NAME
    gcloud beta workstations clusters delete - delete a workstation cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta workstations clusters delete (CLUSTER : --region=REGION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete a workstation cluster.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a cluster, run:

        $ gcloud beta workstations clusters delete WORKSTATION

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - The name of the cluster to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the region of the cluster.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property workstations/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the workstations/v1beta API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/workstations

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud workstations clusters delete

        $ gcloud alpha workstations clusters delete

