NAME
    gcloud access-context-manager cloud-bindings update - update an existing
        cloud access binding

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud access-context-manager cloud-bindings update
        (--binding=BINDING : --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        (--level=LEVEL : --policy=POLICY) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Update an existing cloud access binding.

EXAMPLES
    To update an existing cloud access binding, run:

        $ gcloud access-context-manager cloud-bindings update \
            --binding=my-binding-id --level=new-access-level

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Cloud access binding resource - The access binding to update. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       --binding=BINDING
          ID of the cloud-access-binding or fully qualified identifier for the
          cloud-access-binding. To set the binding attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --binding on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The ID of the organization. To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --binding on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line;
          ▸ set the property access_context_manager/organization.

     Level resource - The access level to update. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       --level=LEVEL
          ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. To set
          the level attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --level on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --policy=POLICY
          The ID of the access policy. To set the policy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --level on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --policy on the command line;
          ▸ set the property access_context_manager/policy.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha access-context-manager cloud-bindings update

