NAME
    gcloud beta spanner backup-schedules describe - describe a Cloud Spanner
        backup schedule

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta spanner backup-schedules describe
        (BACKUP_SCHEDULE : --database=DATABASE --instance=INSTANCE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Cloud Spanner backup schedule.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Cloud Spanner backup schedule, run:

        $ gcloud beta spanner backup-schedules describe backup-schedule-id \
            --instance=instance-id --database=database-id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup schedule resource - The Cloud Spanner backup schedule to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup_schedule on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP_SCHEDULE
          ID of the backup-schedule or fully qualified identifier for the
          backup-schedule.

          To set the backup-schedule attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup_schedule on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --database=DATABASE
          The Cloud Spanner database for the backup-schedule.

          To set the database attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup_schedule on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --database on the command line.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          The Cloud Spanner instance for the backup-schedule.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup_schedule on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line;
          ▸ set the property spanner/instance.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud spanner backup-schedules describe

        $ gcloud alpha spanner backup-schedules describe

