NAME
    gcloud alpha ids operations cancel - cancel a Cloud IDS operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ids operations cancel (OPERATION : --zone=ZONE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Cancel a Cloud IDS operation.

EXAMPLES
    To cancel an operation called my-operation in project my-project and zone
    us-central1-a, run:

        $ gcloud alpha ids operations cancel my-operation \
            --project=my-project --zone=us-central1-a

    OR

        $ gcloud alpha ids operations cancel \
            projects/myproject/locations/us-central1-a/endpoints/\
        my-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - operation. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          Zone of the operation. To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

