NAME
    gcloud alpha iam service-accounts - create and manipulate service accounts

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iam service-accounts GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Create and manipulate IAM service accounts. A service account is a
    special Google account that belongs to your application or a VM, instead of
    to an individual end user. Your application uses the service account to
    call the Google API of a service, so that the users aren't directly
    involved.

    Note: Service accounts use client quotas for tracking usage.

    More information on service accounts can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     config
        (ALPHA) Manage Iam service account configurations.

     keys
        (ALPHA) Manage service account keys.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     add-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Add an IAM policy binding to an IAM service account.

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a service account for a project.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a service account from a project.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Show metadata for a service account from a project.

     disable
        (ALPHA) Disable an IAM service account.

     enable
        (ALPHA) Enable an IAM service account.

     get-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Get the IAM policy for a service account.

     list
        (ALPHA) List all of a project's service accounts.

     remove-iam-policy-binding
        (ALPHA) Remove IAM policy binding from a service account.

     set-iam-policy
        (ALPHA) Set IAM policy for a service account.

     sign-blob
        (ALPHA) Sign a blob with a managed service account key.

     sign-jwt
        (ALPHA) Sign a JWT with a managed service account key.

     undelete
        (ALPHA) Undelete a service account for a project.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update an IAM service account.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iam service-accounts

        $ gcloud beta iam service-accounts

