NAME
    gcloud alpha api-gateway operations wait - wait for a Cloud API Gateway
        operation to complete

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha api-gateway operations wait (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Wait for a Cloud API Gateway operation to complete.

EXAMPLES
    To wait for a Cloud API Gateway operation named NAME in the us-central1
    region, run:

        $ gcloud alpha api-gateway operations wait NAME \
            --location=us-central1

    To wait for a Cloud API Gateway operation with a resource name of RESOURCE,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha api-gateway operations wait RESOURCE

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The name of the operation to poll. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Cloud location for operation. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud api-gateway operations wait

        $ gcloud beta api-gateway operations wait

