NAME
    gcloud bigtable materialized-views delete - delete a Bigtable materialized
        view

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud bigtable materialized-views delete
        (MATERIALIZED_VIEW : --instance=INSTANCE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a Bigtable materialized view.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a materialized view, run:

        $ gcloud bigtable materialized-views delete \
            my-materialized-view-id --instance=my-instance-id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Materialized view resource - The materialized view to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument materialized_view on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MATERIALIZED_VIEW
          ID of the materialized view or fully qualified identifier for the
          materialized view.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument materialized_view on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          Bigtable instance for the materialized view.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument materialized_view on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha bigtable materialized-views delete

        $ gcloud beta bigtable materialized-views delete

