NAME
    gcloud beta compute - create and manipulate Compute Engine resources

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta compute GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) The gcloud compute command group lets you create, configure, and
    manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) instances.

    With Compute Engine, you can create and run VMs on Google's infrastructure.
    Compute Engine offers scale, performance, and value that lets you launch
    large compute clusters on Google's infrastructure.

    For more information about Compute Engine, see the Compute Engine overview
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/) and the Compute Engine user
    documentation (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     accelerator-types
        (BETA) Read Compute Engine accelerator types.

     addresses
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine addresses.

     backend-buckets
        (BETA) Read and manipulate backend buckets.

     backend-services
        (BETA) List, create, and delete backend services.

     commitments
        (BETA) Manage Compute Engine commitments.

     diagnose
        (BETA) Debugging tools for Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     disk-types
        (BETA) Read Compute Engine virtual disk types.

     disks
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine disks.

     external-vpn-gateways
        (BETA) List, create, delete and update External VPN Gateways.

     firewall-policies
        (BETA) Manage Compute Engine organization firewall policies.

     firewall-rules
        (BETA) List, create, update, and delete Compute Engine firewall rules.

     forwarding-rules
        (BETA) Read and manipulate traffic forwarding rules to network load
        balancers.

     health-checks
        (BETA) Read and manipulate health checks for load balanced instances.

     http-health-checks
        (BETA) Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced
        instances.

     https-health-checks
        (BETA) Read and manipulate HTTPS health checks for load balanced
        instances.

     images
        (BETA) List, create, and delete Compute Engine images.

     instance-groups
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine instance groups.

     instance-templates
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine instances templates.

     instances
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     interconnects
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnects.

     machine-images
        (BETA) Read and manage Compute Engine machine image resources.

     machine-types
        (BETA) Read Compute Engine virtual machine types.

     network-endpoint-groups
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine network endpoint groups.

     networks
        (BETA) List, create, and delete Compute Engine networks.

     operations
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine operations.

     org-security-policies
        (BETA) Manage Compute Engine organization security policies.

     os-config
        (BETA) Manage OS Config tasks for Compute Engine VM instances.

     os-login
        (BETA) Create and manipulate Compute Engine OS Login resources.

     packet-mirrorings
        (BETA) Manage Compute Engine packet mirroring resources.

     project-info
        (BETA) Read and manipulate project-level data like quotas and metadata.

     public-advertised-prefixes
        (BETA) Manage public advertised prefix resources.

     public-delegated-prefixes
        (BETA) Manage public delegated prefix resources.

     regions
        (BETA) List Compute Engine regions.

     reservations
        (BETA) Manage Compute Engine reservations.

     resource-policies
        (BETA) Manage Compute Engine Resource Policies.

     routers
        (BETA) List, create, and delete Compute Engine routers.

     routes
        (BETA) Read and manipulate routes.

     security-policies
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Cloud Armor security policies.

     service-attachments
        (BETA) Manage Compute Engine service attachment resources.

     shared-vpc
        (BETA) Configure shared VPC.

     snapshots
        (BETA) List, describe, and delete Compute Engine snapshots.

     sole-tenancy
        (BETA) Read and manage Compute Engine sole-tenancy resources.

     ssl-certificates
        (BETA) List, create, and delete Compute Engine SSL certificate
        resources.

     ssl-policies
        (BETA) List, create, delete and update Compute Engine SSL policies.

     target-grpc-proxies
        (BETA) Manage Compute Engine target gRPC proxy resources.

     target-http-proxies
        (BETA) List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

     target-https-proxies
        (BETA) List, create, and delete target HTTPS proxies.

     target-instances
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual target instances.

     target-pools
        (BETA) Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.

     target-ssl-proxies
        (BETA) List, create, and delete target SSL proxies.

     target-tcp-proxies
        (BETA) List, create, and delete target TCP proxies.

     target-vpn-gateways
        (BETA) Read and manipulate classic VPN gateways.

     tpus
        (BETA) List, create, and delete Cloud TPUs.

     url-maps
        (BETA) List, create, and delete URL maps.

     vpn-gateways
        (BETA) read and manipulate Highly Available VPN Gateways.

     vpn-tunnels
        (BETA) Read and manipulate Compute Engine VPN tunnels.

     zones
        (BETA) List Compute Engine zones.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     config-ssh
        (BETA) Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

     connect-to-serial-port
        (BETA) Connect to the serial port of an instance.

     copy-files
        (BETA) (DEPRECATED) Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine
        virtual machines via scp.

     reset-windows-password
        (BETA) Reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance.

     scp
        (BETA) Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines
        via scp.

     sign-url
        (BETA) Sign specified URL for use with Cloud CDN Signed URLs.

     ssh
        (BETA) SSH into a virtual machine instance.

     start-iap-tunnel
        (BETA) Starts an IAP TCP forwarding tunnel.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute

        $ gcloud alpha compute

