NAME
    gcloud beta functions add-invoker-policy-binding - adds an invoker binding
        to the IAM policy of a Google Cloud Function

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta functions add-invoker-policy-binding (NAME : --region=REGION)
        --member=PRINCIPAL [--gen2] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Adds an invoker role IAM policy binding that allows the specified
    member to invoke the specified function.

    For Cloud Functions (1st gen), this adds the Cloud Functions Invoker
    binding to the IAM policy of the specified function.

    For Cloud Functions (2nd gen), this adds the Cloud Run Invoker binding to
    the IAM policy of the specified function's underlying Cloud Run service.

EXAMPLES
    To add the invoker role policy binding for FUNCTION-1 for member MEMBER-1
    run:

        $ gcloud beta functions add-invoker-policy-binding FUNCTION-1 \
            --member=MEMBER-1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Function resource - The Cloud function name to add the invoker binding to.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the function or fully qualified identifier for the function.

          To set the function attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the function. Overrides the default
          functions/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property functions/region.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --member=PRINCIPAL
        The principal to add to the IAM policy. Should be of the form
        user|group|serviceAccount:email or domain:domain.

        Examples: user:test-user@gmail.com, group:admins@example.com,
        serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com, or
        domain:example.domain.com.

        Some resources also accept the following special values:
        ◆ allUsers - Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
          internet, with or without a Google account.
        ◆ allAuthenticatedUsers - Special identifier that represents anyone
          who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --gen2
        If enabled, this command will use Cloud Functions (Second generation).
        If disabled with --no-gen2, Cloud Functions (First generation) will be
        used. If not specified, the value of this flag will be taken from the
        functions/gen2 configuration property. If the functions/gen2
        configuration property is not set, defaults to looking up the given
        function and using its generation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud functions add-invoker-policy-binding

        $ gcloud alpha functions add-invoker-policy-binding

