NAME
    gcloud beta functions upgrade - upgrade a 1st gen Cloud Function to the
        Cloud Run function

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta functions upgrade (NAME : --region=REGION)
        [--abort | --commit | --redirect-traffic | --rollback-traffic
          | --setup-config --trigger-service-account=TRIGGER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Upgrade a 1st gen Cloud Function to the Cloud Run function.

EXAMPLES
    To start the upgrade process for a 1st gen function foo and create a Cloud
    Run function copy, run:

        $ gcloud beta functions upgrade foo --setup-config

    Once you are ready to redirect traffic to the Cloud Run function copy, run:

        $ gcloud beta functions upgrade foo --redirect-traffic

    If you find you need to do more local testing you can rollback traffic to
    the 1st gen copy:

        $ gcloud beta functions upgrade foo --rollback-traffic

    Once you're ready to finish upgrading and delete the 1st gen copy, run:

        $ gcloud beta functions upgrade foo --commit

    You can abort the upgrade process at any time by running:

        $ gcloud beta functions upgrade foo --abort

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Function resource - The Cloud Function name to upgrade. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the function or fully qualified identifier for the function.

          To set the function attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the function. Overrides the default
          functions/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument NAME on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property functions/region.

FLAGS
     Upgrade a 1st gen Cloud Function to the 2nd gen environment. You must
     specify one of the following flags:
      ◆ --setup-config and optionally --trigger-service-account,
      ◆ --redirect-traffic,
      ◆ --rollback-traffic,
      ◆ --commit,
      ◆ --abort.

     At most one of these can be specified:

       --abort
          Undoes all steps of the upgrade process done so far. All traffic will
          point to the original 1st gen function copy and the 2nd gen function
          copy will be deleted.

       --commit
          Finishes the upgrade process and permanently deletes the original 1st
          gen copy of the function.

       --redirect-traffic
          Redirects production traffic to the 2nd gen copy of the function.

       --rollback-traffic
          Rolls back production traffic to the original 1st gen copy of the
          function. The 2nd gen copy will still be available for testing.

       --setup-config
          Sets up the function upgrade config by creating a 2nd gen copy of the
          function's code and configuration.

       --trigger-service-account=TRIGGER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT
          The email address of the IAM service account associated with the
          Eventarc trigger for the function. This is used for authenticated
          invocation.

          If not provided, the function will use the project's default service
          account for Compute Engine.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha functions upgrade

