NAME
    gcloud composer environments snapshots save - save a snapshot of the
        environment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud composer environments snapshots save
        (ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [--snapshot-location=SNAPSHOT_LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Save a snapshot of the environment.

EXAMPLES
    To save a snapshot of the environment named env-1, run:

        $ gcloud composer environments snapshots save env-1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - The environment where the snapshot must be saved.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment.

          To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Region where Composer environment runs or in which to create the
          environment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --snapshot-location=SNAPSHOT_LOCATION
        The Cloud Storage location where to save the snapshot. It must start
        with the prefix gs://. Default value is /snapshots directory in the
        Cloud Storage bucket of the environment.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments snapshots save

        $ gcloud beta composer environments snapshots save

