NAME
    gcloud beta secrets describe - describe a secret's metadata

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta secrets describe (SECRET : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a secret's metadata.

EXAMPLES
    Describe metadata of the secret named 'my-secret':

        $ gcloud beta secrets describe my-secret

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Global or regional secret resource - to describe The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument secret on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. This resource can be one of the
        following types: [secret, regional secret].

     This must be specified.

       SECRET
          ID of the global or regional secret or fully qualified identifier for
          the global or regional secret.

          To set the secret attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument secret on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          [EXPERIMENTAL] The location of the global or regional secret.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument secret on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line. Must be
            specified for resource of type [regional secret].

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud secrets describe

