NAME
    gcloud alpha compute tpus tpu-vm service-identity create - create a Cloud
        TPU VM service identity for a project

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute tpus tpu-vm service-identity create [--zone=ZONE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Create a Cloud TPU VM service identity for a project.

    The Cloud TPU VM creates a service identity (Google-owned service account)
    for management of resources when the first Cloud TPU VM is created in a
    project after TPU service activation. However, there are cases where the
    service identity may need to be created beforehand to grant specific IAM
    permissions to it, like access to a Google Cloud Storage bucket. This
    method generates the service account without need to first create a Cloud
    TPU VM.

    This command generates a service identity valid for Cloud TPU VMs across
    all zones in a project. The zone is required (either set in the gcloud
    config defaults, as an environment variable, or --zone flag), but the
    service identity generated will work across all Cloud TPU VM zones.

EXAMPLES
    The following command generates a Cloud TPU VM service identity for a
    project (using zone europe-west4-a):

        $ gcloud alpha compute tpus tpu-vm service-identity create \
            --zone=europe-west4-a

FLAGS
     Location resource - The compute/zone to use for the request.

     If not specified, will use the value of the [compute/zone] property in the
     current gcloud configuration. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --zone on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property compute/zone with a fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --zone=ZONE
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location. To
          set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the tpu/v2alpha1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

