NAME
    gcloud alpha recaptcha keys migrate - migrate a key to reCAPTCHA Enterprise

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha recaptcha keys migrate KEY [--skip-billing-check]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Migrate a key from reCAPTCHA to reCAPTCHA Enterprise.

EXAMPLES
    To migrate a key from reCAPTCHA to reCAPTCHA Enterprise, run:

        $ gcloud alpha recaptcha keys migrate test-key

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Key resource - The reCAPTCHA key to migrate. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument key on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       KEY
          ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key.

          To set the key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument key on the command line.

FLAGS
     --skip-billing-check
        If true, skips the billing check. If your usage of reCAPTCHA is under
        the free quota, you can safely skip the billing check.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the recaptchaenterprise/v1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha-enterprise/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud recaptcha keys migrate

