NAME
    gcloud alpha pam operations wait - poll a Privileged Access Manager long
        running operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha pam operations wait
        (OPERATION
          : --folder=FOLDER --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Poll a Privileged Access Manager (PAM) long running operation until
    it completes and then display its result.

EXAMPLES
    The following command polls an operation with the full name OPERATION_NAME:

        $ gcloud alpha pam operations wait OPERATION_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Name of the operation to poll. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. This resource can be one of the
        following types:
        [privilegedaccessmanager.projects.locations.operations,
        privilegedaccessmanager.folders.locations.operations,
        privilegedaccessmanager.organizations.locations.operations].

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --folder=FOLDER
          The name of the folder

          To set the folder attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --folder on the command line. Must be
            specified for resource of type
            [privilegedaccessmanager.folders.locations.operations].

       --location=LOCATION
          The resource location

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The name of the organization

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line. Must be
            specified for resource of type
            [privilegedaccessmanager.organizations.locations.operations].

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the privilegedaccessmanager/v1alpha API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/pam-overview

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud pam operations wait

        $ gcloud beta pam operations wait

