NAME
    gcloud beta assured workloads describe - describe Assured Workloads
        environment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta assured workloads describe
        (WORKLOAD : --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Obtain details about a given Assured Workloads environment.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an Assured Workloads environment in the us-central1 region,
    belonging to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456 and an etag
    of 789, run:

        $ gcloud beta assured workloads describe \
            organizations/123/locations/us-central1/workloads/456

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workload resource - The Assured Workloads environment resource to
     describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       WORKLOAD
          ID of the workload or fully qualified identifier for the workload.

          To set the workload attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the workload.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The parent organization for the workload.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument workload on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud assured workloads describe

        $ gcloud alpha assured workloads describe

