NAME
    gcloud container attached clusters delete - delete a registered
        AttachedCluster resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud container attached clusters delete (CLUSTER : --location=LOCATION)
        [--allow-missing] [--async] [--ignore-errors] [--validate-only]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a registered AttachedCluster resource.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an AttachedCluster resource named my-cluster managed in location
    us-west1, run:

        $ gcloud container attached clusters delete my-cluster \
            --location=us-west1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - cluster to delete. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location for the cluster.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property container_attached/location.

FLAGS
     --allow-missing
        Allow idempotent deletion of cluster. The request will still succeed in
        case the cluster does not exist.

     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --ignore-errors
        Force delete an Attached cluster. Deletion of the Attached cluster will
        succeed even if errors occur during deleting in-cluster resources.
        Using this parameter may result in orphaned resources in the cluster.

     --validate-only
        Validate the cluster to delete, but don't actually perform it.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container attached clusters delete

