NAME
    gcloud alpha redis clusters backups delete - delete a Memorystore for Redis
        Cluster backup

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha redis clusters backups delete
        (BACKUP : --backup-collection=BACKUP_COLLECTION --region=REGION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Memorystore for Redis Cluster backup.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The backup specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        backup.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a backup with the name my-backup under backup collection
    my-backup-collection in us-central1 region, run:

        $ gcloud alpha redis clusters backups delete my-backup \
            --backup-collection=my-backup-collection --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Redis backup you
     want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP
          ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup.

          To set the backup attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --backup-collection=BACKUP_COLLECTION
          The name of the Redis cluster backup collection.

          To set the backup-collection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --backup-collection on the command line.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the backup. Overrides the default
          redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud redis clusters backups delete

        $ gcloud beta redis clusters backups delete

