NAME
    gcloud alpha blockchain-node-engine locations describe - describe a
        Blockchain Node Engine location

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha blockchain-node-engine locations describe [LOCATION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Blockchain Node Engine location.

    To get a list of available locations for your project run:

        $ gcloud alpha blockchain-node-engine locations list

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes Blockchain Node Engine location
    us-central1:

        $ gcloud alpha blockchain-node-engine locations describe us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Location resource - The Blockchain Node Engine location you want to
     describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property web3/location with a fully specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

       [LOCATION]
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property web3/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the blockchainnodeengine/v1alpha1 API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/blockchain-node-engine

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

