NAME
    gcloud workflows executions wait - wait for an execution to complete

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud workflows executions wait
        (EXECUTION : --location=LOCATION --workflow=WORKFLOW)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Wait for an execution to complete.

EXAMPLES
    To wait for an execution with ID 'my-workflow-execution-ID' from a workflow
    named 'my-workflow' to finish, run:

        $ gcloud workflows executions wait my-workflow-execution-ID \
            --workflow=my-workflow

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Execution resource - Name of the execution to wait on. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument execution on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       EXECUTION
          ID of the execution or fully qualified identifier for the execution.

          To set the execution attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument execution on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Cloud location for the execution. Alternatively, set the property
          [workflows/location].

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument execution on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property workflows/location.

       --workflow=WORKFLOW
          Workflow for the execution.

          To set the workflow attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument execution on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workflow on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta workflows executions wait

