NAME
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking interconnects attachments describe -
        show details about a Distributed Cloud Edge Network interconnect
        attachment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking interconnects attachments describe
        (INTERCONNECT_ATTACHMENT : --location=LOCATION --zone=ZONE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details about a Distributed Cloud Edge Network interconnect
    attachment.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about an interconnect attachment called 'my-attachment' in
    edge zone 'us-central1-edge-den1', run:

        $ gcloud alpha edge-cloud networking interconnects attachments \
            describe my-attachment --location=us-central1 \
            --zone=us-central1-edge-den1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Interconnect attachment resource - The interconnect attachment you want to
     describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument interconnect_attachment on the command line with
        a fully specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       INTERCONNECT_ATTACHMENT
          ID of the interconnect attachment or fully qualified identifier for
          the interconnect attachment. To set the interconnect_attachment
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument interconnect_attachment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The global location name. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument interconnect_attachment on the command line
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --zone=ZONE
          The name of the Google Distributed Cloud Edge zone. To set the zone
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument interconnect_attachment on the command line
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the edgenetwork/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/distributed-cloud-edge/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud edge-cloud networking interconnects attachments describe

