NAME
    gcloud alpha ml vision product-search products delete - delete a product

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ml vision product-search products delete
        (PRODUCT : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) delete a product.

EXAMPLES
    To delete product 'my-product' in location 'us-east1', run:

        $ gcloud alpha ml vision product-search products delete my-product \
            --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Product resource - The product to delete. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument product on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       PRODUCT
          ID of the product or fully qualified identifier for the product. To
          set the product attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument product on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of product. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument product on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the vision/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta ml vision product-search products delete

