NAME
    gcloud alpha ml vision product-search products delete-all - deletes all
        Products in a ProductSet or all Products that are in no ProductSet

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ml vision product-search products delete-all LOCATION
        (--orphan-products | --product-set=PRODUCT_SET) [--force]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Deletes all Products in a ProductSet or all Products that are in no
    ProductSet.

EXAMPLES
    To delete all products in no product sets in location 'us-east1' and
    project 'test-project', run:

        $ gcloud alpha ml vision product-search products delete-all \
            --orphan-products us-east1 --project=test-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Location resource - The location in which to delete the product set. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       LOCATION
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location. To
          set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument location on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Exactly one of these must be specified:

       --orphan-products
          Delete all Products that are in no ProductSet.

       --product-set=PRODUCT_SET
          Delete all Products that are in a ProductSet. Even if the Product is
          in multiple ProductSets, the Product is still deleted.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --force
        If specified, user will not be prompted and all the products in
        specified set will be deleted. If not specified, user will be prompted
        to continue the delete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the vision/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

