NAME
    gcloud container hub - centrally manage features and services on all your
        Kubernetes clusters with fleet

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud container hub GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    The command group to register GKE or other Kubernetes clusters running in a
    variety of environments, including Google cloud, on premises in customer
    datacenters, or other third party clouds with fleet. Fleet provides a
    centralized control-plane to managed features and services on all
    registered clusters.

    A registered cluster is always associated with a Membership, a resource
    within fleet.

EXAMPLES
    Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes clusters with
    fleet:

        $ gcloud container hub memberships --help

    Manage Config Management feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud container hub config-management --help

    Manage Multi-cluster Ingress feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud container hub ingress --help

    Manage Multi-cluster Services feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud container hub multi-cluster-services --help

    Manage CloudRun feature on all memberships:

        $ gcloud container hub cloudrun --help

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     cloudrun
        Manage the CloudRun feature.

     features
        Manage Hub Feature resources.

     fleetobservability
        Manage Fleet Observability Feature.

     identity-service
        Manage Identity Service Feature.

     ingress
        Manage Multi-cluster Ingress Feature.

     memberships
        Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes clusters with
        fleets.

     mesh
        Manage Service Mesh Feature.

     multi-cluster-services
        Manage Multi-cluster Services Feature.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub

        $ gcloud beta container hub

