NAME
    gcloud beta redis clusters detach - detach a secondary cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta redis clusters detach (CLUSTER : --region=REGION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Detach a secondary cluster from the primary cluster.

    After detachment, the secondary cluster becomes an independent cluster,
    i.e. it stops replicating from the primary cluster and it now accepts both
    read and write requests.

    This command is only supported on secondary clusters.

EXAMPLES
    To detach a secondary cluster with name my-secondary-cluster in region
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis clusters detach my-secondary-cluster \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
     cluster you want to update. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the cluster. Overrides the default
          redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud redis clusters detach

        $ gcloud alpha redis clusters detach

