NAME
    gcloud beta redis clusters get-cluster-certificate-authority - get the
        certificate authority information for a Memorystore for Redis Cluster
        instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta redis clusters get-cluster-certificate-authority
        (CLUSTER : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Get the certificate authority information for a Memorystore for
    Redis Cluster instance.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The cluster specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        cluster.

EXAMPLES
    To get the metadata for a cluster with the name my-redie-cluster in the
    default region, run:

        $ gcloud beta redis clusters get-cluster-certificate-authority \
            my-redis-cluster

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - Arguments and flags that specify the cluster. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Redis region of the cluster. Overrides the default
          redis/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property redis/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the redis/v1beta1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud redis clusters get-cluster-certificate-authority

        $ gcloud alpha redis clusters get-cluster-certificate-authority

