NAME
    gcloud beta container fleet scopes delete - delete a fleet scope

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta container fleet scopes delete (SCOPE : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) This command deletes a Fleet Scope resource .

EXAMPLES
    First retrieve the ID of the scope using the command below. The output of
    this command lists all the fleet's scopes, with their unique IDs in the
    Names column:

        $ gcloud beta container fleet scopes list

    Delete a scope from the active project's fleet:

        $ gcloud beta container fleet scopes delete SCOPE_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Scope resource - The fleet scope to delete. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument scope on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SCOPE
          ID of the scope or fully qualified identifier for the scope.

          To set the scope attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument scope on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument scope on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gkehub/v1beta API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet scopes delete

