NAME
    gcloud alpha bq tables copy - copy one BigQuery table to another

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bq tables copy
        (--destination=DESTINATION : --destination-dataset=DESTINATION_DATASET)
        (--source=SOURCE : --source-dataset=SOURCE_DATASET) [--async]
        [--job-id=JOB_ID] [--overwrite] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha bq tables copy Copies one BigQuery table to another.

EXAMPLES
    The following copies table my-table to table my-other-table, in dataset
    my-dataset overwriting destination if it exists:

        $ gcloud alpha bq tables copy --source my-table \
            --destination my-other-table --source-dataset my-dataset \
            --overwrite

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Table resource - The destination to copy to. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --destination on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --destination=DESTINATION
          ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. To set
          the source attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --destination on the command line.

          This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
          group are specified.

       --destination-dataset=DESTINATION_DATASET
          The id of the BigQuery dataset. To set the dataset attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --destination on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --destination-dataset on the command line;
          ▸ provide the argument --source-dataset on the command line.

     Table resource - The source to copy from. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --source on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --source=SOURCE
          ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. To set
          the source attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --source on the command line.

          This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
          group are specified.

       --source-dataset=SOURCE_DATASET
          The id of the BigQuery dataset. To set the dataset attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --source on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --source-dataset on the command line;
          ▸ provide the argument --destination-dataset on the command line.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --job-id=JOB_ID
        A unique job ID to use for the request. If not specified a unique job
        id will be generated.

     --overwrite
        Overwrite if the resource already exists.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

