NAME
    gcloud alpha bq tables describe - describe a BigQuery table

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bq tables describe (TABLE : --dataset=DATASET)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a BigQuery table.

EXAMPLES
    The following command fetches details about a table with ID my-table

        $ gcloud alpha bq tables describe my-table

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Table resource - The BigQuery table you want to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TABLE
          ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. To set
          the table attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --dataset=DATASET
          The id of the BigQuery dataset. To set the dataset attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --dataset on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the bigquery/v2 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

