NAME
    gcloud alpha domains registrations operations describe - show details about
        a Cloud Domains operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha domains registrations operations describe OPERATION
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Print information about a Cloud Domains operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an operation operation-id, run:

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations operations describe operation-id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The operation to describe. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud domains registrations operations describe

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations operations describe

