NAME
    gcloud alpha domains registrations configure management - configure
        management settings of a Cloud Domains registration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha domains registrations configure management REGISTRATION
        [--async] [--transfer-lock-state=TRANSFER_LOCK_STATE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Configure management settings of a registration. This includes
    settings related to transfers, billing and renewals of a registration.

EXAMPLES
    To unlock a transfer lock of a registration for example.com, run:

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations configure management \
            example.com --transfer-lock-state=unlocked

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registration resource - The domain registration to configure management
     settings for. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
     not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRATION
          ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the
          registration. To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registration on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --transfer-lock-state=TRANSFER_LOCK_STATE
        Transfer Lock of a registration. It needs to be unlocked in order to
        transfer the domain to another registrar. TRANSFER_LOCK_STATE must be
        one of:

         locked
            The transfer lock is locked.
         unlocked
            The transfer lock is unlocked.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud domains registrations configure management

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations configure management

