NAME
    gcloud alpha cloudlocationfinder cloud-locations describe - describe
        cloudLocations

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha cloudlocationfinder cloud-locations describe
        (CLOUD_LOCATION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a cloudLocation

EXAMPLES
    To describe the cloudLocation, run:

        $ gcloud alpha cloudlocationfinder cloud-locations describe

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     CloudLocation resource - Name of the resource. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cloud_location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLOUD_LOCATION
          ID of the cloudLocation or fully qualified identifier for the
          cloudLocation.

          To set the cloud_location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cloud_location on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the cloudLocation resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cloud_location on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ default is global .

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudlocationfinder/v1alpha API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/location-finder/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud cloudlocationfinder cloud-locations describe

