NAME
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains backups describe - describe a Managed
        Microsoft Active Directory domain backup

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains backups describe
        (BACKUP : --domain=DOMAIN) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show metadata for a Managed Microsoft AD domain backup.

    Displays all metadata associated with a Active Directory domain backup
    given a valid domain backup name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified domain backup does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        domain.

EXAMPLES
    The following command gets metadata for an AD domain backup with the name
    my-backup under the domain my-domain in project my-project.

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains backups describe \
            projects/my-proj/locations/global/domains/my-domain.com/\
        backups/my-backup

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Backup resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain backup you want
     to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       BACKUP
          ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. To set
          the backup attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --domain=DOMAIN
          The fully-qualified domain name of the Microsoft Active Directory
          domain. To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument backup on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --domain on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1alpha1 API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains backups describe

