NAME
    gcloud beta artifacts yum upload - upload an RPM package to an artifact
        repository

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta artifacts yum upload (REPOSITORY : --location=LOCATION)
        --source=SOURCE [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) gcloud beta artifacts yum upload uploads an RPM package to the
    specified artifact repository.

EXAMPLES
    To upload the package my-package.rpm to my-repo, run:

        $ gcloud beta artifacts yum upload my-repo --location=us-central1 \
            --source=my-package.rpm

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Repository resource - The Artifact Registry repository. If not specified,
     the current artifacts/repository is used. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository. To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the repository. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --source=SOURCE
        The path of a package to upload.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud artifacts yum upload

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts yum upload

