NAME
    gcloud alpha bigtable logical-views describe - describe an existing
        Bigtable logical view

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bigtable logical-views describe
        (LOGICAL_VIEW : --instance=INSTANCE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe an existing Bigtable logical view.

EXAMPLES
    To view a logical view's description, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bigtable logical-views describe my-logical-view-id \
            --instance=my-instance-id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Logical view resource - The logical view to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument logical_view on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       LOGICAL_VIEW
          ID of the logical view or fully qualified identifier for the logical
          view.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument logical_view on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          Bigtable instance for the logical view.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument logical_view on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud bigtable logical-views describe

        $ gcloud beta bigtable logical-views describe

