NAME
    gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete - delete a Google
        Cloud's operations suite agents (Ops Agents) policy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete POLICY_ID
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete deletes a
    policy that facilitates agent management across Compute Engine instances
    based on user specified instance filters. This policy installs, specifies
    versioning, enables autoupgrade, and removes Ops Agents.

    The command returns a response indicating whether the deletion succeeded.
    After a policy is deleted, it takes 10-15 minutes to be wiped from the
    applicable instances. Deleting a policy does not delete any existing agents
    managed by that policy, but the agents become unmanaged by any policies. To
    remove the agents from the instances, first update the policy to set the
    agent package-state to removed, wait for the policy to take effect, then
    delete the policy.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an Ops agents policy named ops-agents-test-policy in the current
    project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha compute instances ops-agents policies delete \
            ops-agents-test-policy

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     POLICY_ID
        ID of the policy.

        This ID must start with ops-agents-, contain only lowercase letters,
        numbers, and hyphens, end with a number or a letter, be between 1-63
        characters, and be unique within the project. The goal of the prefix
        ops-agents- is to easily distinguish these Ops Agents specific policies
        from other generic policies and lower the chance of naming conflicts.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta compute instances ops-agents policies delete

