NAME
    gcloud alpha workstations configs delete - delete a workstation
        configuration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha workstations configs delete
        (CONFIG : --cluster=CLUSTER --region=REGION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a workstation configuration.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a configuration, run:

        $ gcloud alpha workstations configs delete WORKSTATION

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Config resource - The name of the configuration to delete. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument config on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONFIG
          ID of the config or fully qualified identifier for the config.

          To set the config attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument config on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --cluster=CLUSTER
          The name of the cluster containing the config.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument config on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --cluster on the command line.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the region of the config.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument config on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the workstations/v1beta API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/workstations

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud workstations configs delete

        $ gcloud beta workstations configs delete

