NAME
    gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce - enforces a
        Service Perimeter's dry-run configuration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce
        (PERIMETER : --policy=POLICY) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Copies a Service Perimeter's dry-run mode configuration to its
    enforcement mode configuration and unsets the explicit dry-run spec. After
    this operation succeeds, the Service Perimeter will not have an explicit
    dry-run mode configuration, and, instead, the previous dry-run mode
    configuration will become the enforcement mode configuration. The operation
    will not be performed if there is no explicit dry-run mode configuration or
    if the dry-run mode configuration is incompatible with the overall
    enforcement mode VPC Service Controls policy.

EXAMPLES
    To enforce the dry-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter:

        $ gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce \
            my-perimeter

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Perimeter resource - The service perimeter to reset. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       PERIMETER
          ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter.
          To set the perimeter attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument perimeter on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --policy=POLICY
          The ID of the access policy. To set the policy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument perimeter on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --policy on the command line;
          ▸ set the property access_context_manager/policy.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce

        $ gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce

