NAME
    gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce-all -
        enforces the dry-run mode configuration for all Service Perimeters

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce-all
        [--etag=etag] [--policy=policy] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) An enforce operation on a Service Perimeter involves copying its
    dry-run mode configuration (spec) to that Service Perimeter's enforcement
    mode configration (status). This command performs this operation for all
    Service Perimeters in the user's Access Policy.

    Note: Only Service Perimeters with an explicit dry-run mode configuration
    are affected by this operation. The overall operation succeeds once the
    dry-run configurations of all such Service Perimeters have been enforced.
    If the operation fails for any given Service Perimeter, it will cause the
    entire operation to be aborted.

EXAMPLES
    To enforce the dry-run mode configurations for all Service Perimeter in an
    Access Policy, run the following command:

        $ gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce-all

FLAGS
     --etag=etag
        The etag for the version of the Access Policy that this operation is to
        be performed on. If, at the time of the operation, the etag for the
        Access Policy stored in Access Context Manager is different from the
        specified etag, then the commit operation will not be performed and the
        call will fail. If etag is not provided, the operation will be
        performed as if a valid etag is provided.

     --policy=policy
        The parent Access Policy which owns all Service Perimeters in scope for
        the commit operation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce-all

        $ gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run enforce-all

