NAME
    gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run - enable management
        of dry-run mode configuration for Service Perimeters

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha access-context-manager perimeters dry-run COMMAND
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) A Service Perimeter describes a set of Google Cloud Platform
    resources which can freely import and export data amongst themselves, but
    not externally, by default.

        A dry-run mode configuration (also known as the Service Perimeter
        `spec`) makes it possible to understand the impact of any changes to a
        VPC Service Controls policy change before committing the change to the
        enforcement mode configuration.

        Note: For Service Perimeters without an explicit dry-run mode
        configuration, the enforcement mode configuration is used as the dry-run
        mode configuration, resulting in no audit logs being generated.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a dry-run mode configuration for a new or existing
        Service Perimeter.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Mark the Service Perimeter as deleted in the dry-run mode.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Display the dry-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter.

     drop
        (ALPHA) Reset the dry-run mode configuration of a Service Perimeter.

     enforce
        (ALPHA) Enforces a Service Perimeter's dry-run configuration.

     enforce-all
        (ALPHA) Enforces the dry-run mode configuration for all Service
        Perimeters.

     list
        (ALPHA) List the effective dry-run configuration across all Service
        Perimeters.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update the dry-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud access-context-manager perimeters dry-run

        $ gcloud beta access-context-manager perimeters dry-run

