NAME
    gcloud alpha apphub applications services delete - delete an Apphub
        application service

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apphub applications services delete
        (SERVICE : --application=APPLICATION --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete an Apphub application service.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the Service my-service from the Application my-app in location
    us-east1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apphub applications services delete my-service \
            --application=my-app --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Service resource - The Service ID. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SERVICE
          ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.

          To set the service attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --application=APPLICATION
          Name for the application

          To set the application attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --application on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the service.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

