NAME
    gcloud compute networks vpc-access connectors delete - delete a VPC Access
        connector

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute networks vpc-access connectors delete
        (CONNECTOR : --region=REGION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete a new VPC Access connector with the given name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ An instance with the same name already exists.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to delete instances.

EXAMPLES
    The following command deletes a VPC Access connector with name
    my-vpc-connector in region us-central1:

        $ gcloud compute networks vpc-access connectors delete \
            my-vpc-connector --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Connector resource - Arguments and flags that specify the VPC Access
     connector you want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument connector on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONNECTOR
          ID of the connector or fully qualified identifier for the connector.
          To set the connector attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connector on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Compute region (e.g. us-central1) for the connector.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connector on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the vpcaccess/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: http://cloud.google.com

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta compute networks vpc-access connectors delete

