NAME
    gcloud compute networks vpc-access connectors describe - show metadata for
        a VPC Access connector

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute networks vpc-access connectors describe
        (CONNECTOR : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Display all metadata associated with a VPC Access connector given a valid
    connector name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The connector specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        operation.

EXAMPLES
    The following command prints metadata for a connector with name
    my-vpcaccesss-connector in region us-central1:

        $ gcloud compute networks vpc-access connectors describe \
            my-vpcaccess-connector --region=us-central

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Connector resource - The connector to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument connector on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONNECTOR
          ID of the connector or fully qualified identifier for the connector.

          To set the connector attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connector on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Compute region (e.g. us-central1) for the connector.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connector on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the vpcaccess/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure-serverless-vpc-access

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta compute networks vpc-access connectors describe

