NAME
    gcloud beta kms ekm-connections describe - get metadata for an
        ekmconnection

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta kms ekm-connections describe
        (EKM_CONNECTION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Returns metadata for the given ekmconnection.

EXAMPLES
    The following command returns the metadata for the ekmconnection laplace in
    the location us-east1:

        $ gcloud beta kms ekm-connections describe laplace \
            --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Ekmconnection resource - The KMS ekm connection resource. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument ekm_connection on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       EKM_CONNECTION
          ID of the ekmconnection or fully qualified identifier for the
          ekmconnection. To set the ekmconnection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument ekm_connection on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Google Cloud location for the ekmconnection. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument ekm_connection on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud kms ekm-connections describe

        $ gcloud alpha kms ekm-connections describe

