NAME
    gcloud beta datastream routes describe - show details about the route

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta datastream routes describe
        (ROUTE : --location=LOCATION --private-connection=PRIVATE_CONNECTION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) (DEPRECATED) This command has been deprecated. Use gcloud datastream
    routes describe instead.

    Show details about the route.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a device, run:

        $ gcloud beta datastream routes describe my-route \
            --private-connection=pc --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Route resource - The route you want to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument route on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       ROUTE
          ID of the route or fully qualified identifier for the route.

          To set the route attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument route on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the resources.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument route on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --private-connection=PRIVATE_CONNECTION
          The private connection name.

          To set the private-connection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument route on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --private-connection on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the datastream/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datastream/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud datastream routes describe

