NAME
    gcloud alpha lifesciences locations describe - describe a Cloud Life
        Sciences location

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha lifesciences locations describe [LOCATION]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Cloud Life Sciences location.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a location (for example, us-central1) called my-location, run:

        $ gcloud alpha lifesciences locations describe my-location

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Location resource - Cloud Life Sciences location to describe. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property lifesciences/location with a fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     [LOCATION]
        ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

        To set the location attribute:
        ◆ provide the argument location on the command line;
        ◆ set the property lifesciences/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the lifesciences/v2beta API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/life-sciences

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta lifesciences locations describe

