NAME
    gcloud alpha bms volumes rename - rename a Bare Metal Solution volume

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bms volumes rename (VOLUME : --region=REGION)
        --new-name=NEW_NAME [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Rename a Bare Metal Solution volume.

EXAMPLES
    To rename a volume my-volume to my-new-volume-name in region us-central1,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha bms volumes rename my-volume \
            --new-name=my-new-volume-name --region=us-central1 \
            --project=bms-example-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Volume resource - volume. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       VOLUME
          ID of the volume or fully qualified identifier for the volume.

          To set the volume attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --new-name=NEW_NAME
        New volume name for renaming an already existing volume.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud bms volumes rename

