NAME
    gcloud alpha bms volumes restore - restore a Bare Metal Solution boot
        volume from an existing snapshot

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bms volumes restore (VOLUME : --region=REGION)
        --snapshot=SNAPSHOT [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Restore a Bare Metal Solution boot volume from an existing
    snapshot.

EXAMPLES
    To restore a boot volume named my-boot-volume in region us-central1 from
    snapshot named my-snapshot, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bms volumes restore my-boot-volume \
            --region=us-central1 --snapshot=my-snapshot

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Volume resource - volume. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VOLUME
          ID of the volume or fully qualified identifier for the volume.

          To set the volume attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --snapshot=SNAPSHOT
        Name of the snapshot to restore.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud bms volumes restore

