NAME
    gcloud alpha bms volumes snapshot - create a snapshot of a Bare Metal
        Solution boot volume

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bms volumes snapshot (VOLUME : --region=REGION)
        --description=DESCRIPTION --snapshot-name=SNAPSHOT_NAME
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Create a snapshot of a Bare Metal Solution boot volume.

EXAMPLES
    To create a snapshot of a boot volume named my-boot-volume in region
    us-central1 with the name my-snapshot and description my-description, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bms volumes snapshot my-boot-volume \
            --region=us-central1 --snapshot-name=my-snapshot \
            --description=my-description

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Volume resource - volume. The arguments in this group can be used to
     specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       VOLUME
          ID of the volume or fully qualified identifier for the volume. To set
          the volume attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument volume on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --description=DESCRIPTION
        Textual description of the created snapshot.

     --snapshot-name=SNAPSHOT_NAME
        Name to assign to the created snapshot.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud bms volumes snapshot

