NAME
    gcloud alpha container vmware clusters delete - delete an Anthos cluster on
        VMware

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container vmware clusters delete
        (CLUSTER : --location=LOCATION) [--allow-missing] [--async] [--force]
        [--ignore-errors] [--validate-only] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete an Anthos cluster on VMware.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a cluster named my-cluster managed in location us-west1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container vmware clusters delete my-cluster \
            --location=us-west1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - cluster to delete The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. To
          set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location for the cluster. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property container_vmware/location.

FLAGS
     --allow-missing
        If set, and the Anthos cluster on VMware is not found, the request will
        succeed but no action will be taken.

     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --force
        If set, any node pools from the cluster will also be deleted. This flag
        is required if the cluster has any associated node pools.

     --ignore-errors
        If set, the deletion of a VMware user cluster resource will succeed
        even if errors occur during deletion.

     --validate-only
        If set, only validate the request, but do not actually perform the
        operation.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

