NAME
    gcloud alpha assured operations describe - describe Assured Workloads
        operations

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha assured operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Obtain details about a given Assured Workloads operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe an Assured Workloads operation in the us-central1 region,
    belonging to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456, run:

        $ gcloud alpha assured operations describe \
            organizations/123/locations/us-central1/operations/456

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The Assured Workloads operation resource to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the operation. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The parent organization for the operation. To set the organization
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud assured operations describe

        $ gcloud beta assured operations describe

