NAME
    gcloud workbench schedules resume - resume a schedule

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud workbench schedules resume (SCHEDULE : --region=REGION)
        [--enable-catch-up] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Resume a Workbench notebook execution schedule.

EXAMPLES
    To resume a paused schedule with id my-schedule, in region us-central1,
    run:

        $ gcloud workbench schedules resume my-schedule --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Schedule resource - Unique, system-generated resource name of the schedule
     to resume. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument schedule on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SCHEDULE
          ID of the schedule or fully qualified identifier for the schedule.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument schedule on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the schedule.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument schedule on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property colab/region.

FLAGS
     --enable-catch-up
        Enables backfilling missed runs when the schedule is resumed from
        PAUSED state. If enabled, all missed runs will be scheduled and new
        runs will be scheduled after the backfill is complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta workbench schedules resume

