NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub rolloutsequences describe - describe a rollout
        sequence

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub rolloutsequences describe ROLLOUTSEQUENCE
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a rollout sequence.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a rollout sequence named my-rollout-sequence, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub rolloutsequences describe \
            my-rollout-sequence

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     RolloutSequence resource - The group of arguments defining a Rollout
     Sequence. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument rolloutSequence on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument rolloutSequence on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ global is the only supported location.

     This must be specified.

       ROLLOUTSEQUENCE
          ID of the rolloutSequence or fully qualified identifier for the
          rolloutSequence.

          To set the rollout_sequence attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument rolloutSequence on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta container hub rolloutsequences describe

