NAME
    gcloud alpha iap oauth-brands describe - describe a Cloud OAuth brand

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iap oauth-brands describe NAME [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) This command is deprecated.

    gcloud alpha iap oauth-brands describe is used to describe a Cloud OAuth
    brand.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Cloud OAuth brand with name NAME, run:

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-brands describe NAME

    To describe a Cloud OAuth brand with name NAME inside project PROJECT_ID,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha iap oauth-brands describe NAME --project=PROJECT_ID

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Brand resource - Name of the Cloud OAuth brand to describe. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument name on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAME
          ID of the brand or fully qualified identifier for the brand.

          To set the brand attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument name on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iap/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iap oauth-brands describe

        $ gcloud beta iap oauth-brands describe

