NAME
    gcloud alpha ai indexes delete - delete an existing Vertex AI index

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha ai indexes delete (INDEX : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    To delete an index 123 of project example in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha ai indexes delete 123 --project=example \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Index resource - Index to delete. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument index on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INDEX
          ID of the index or fully qualified identifier for the index. To set
          the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument index on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the index. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument index on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property ai/region;
          ▸ choose one from the prompted list of available regions.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud ai indexes delete

        $ gcloud beta ai indexes delete

