NAME
    gcloud alpha apphub applications remove-iam-policy-binding - remove IAM
        policy binding from an Apphub application

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apphub applications remove-iam-policy-binding
        (APPLICATION : --location=LOCATION) --member=PRINCIPAL --role=ROLE
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Remove IAM policy binding from an Apphub application.

EXAMPLES
    To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of roles/apphub.viewer for the
    user test-user@gmail.com from Application my-app in location us-east1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apphub applications remove-iam-policy-binding \
            my-app --location=us-east1 --role=roles/apphub.viewer \
            --member=user:test-user@gmail.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Application resource - The Application ID. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument application on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       APPLICATION
          ID of the application or fully qualified identifier for the
          application.

          To set the application attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument application on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the application.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument application on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --member=PRINCIPAL
        The principal to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
        user|group|serviceAccount:email or domain:domain.

        Examples: user:test-user@gmail.com, group:admins@example.com,
        serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com, or
        domain:example.domain.com.

        Deleted principals have an additional deleted: prefix and a ?uid=UID
        suffix, where UID is a unique identifier for the principal. Example:
        deleted:user:test-user@gmail.com?uid=123456789012345678901.

        Some resources also accept the following special values:
        ◆ allUsers - Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
          internet, with or without a Google account.
        ◆ allAuthenticatedUsers - Special identifier that represents anyone
          who is authenticated with a Google account or a service account.

     --role=ROLE
        The role to remove the principal from.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

