NAME
    gcloud privateca pools describe - get metadata for a CA pool

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud privateca pools describe (POOL : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Returns metadata for the given CA pool.

EXAMPLES
    To get metadata for the CA pool 'my-pool' in location 'us-west1':

        $ gcloud privateca pools describe my-pool --location=us-west1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     CA Pool resource - The CA pool for which to obtain metadata. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument pool on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       POOL
          ID of the CA Pool or fully qualified identifier for the CA Pool.

          To set the pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument pool on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the CA Pool.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument pool on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property privateca/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the privateca/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/
