NAME
    gcloud dataproc clusters export - export a cluster

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataproc clusters export (CLUSTER : --region=REGION)
        [--destination=DESTINATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Exports an existing cluster's configuration to a file. This configuration
    can then be used to create new clusters using the import command.

EXAMPLES
    To export a cluster to a YAML file, run:

        $ gcloud dataproc clusters export my-cluster --region=us-central1 \
            --destination=cluster.yaml

    To export a cluster to standard output, run:

        $ gcloud dataproc clusters export my-cluster --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Cluster resource - The name of the cluster to export. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CLUSTER
          ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

          To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the cluster. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument cluster on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

FLAGS
     --destination=DESTINATION
        Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported.
        Alternatively, you may omit this flag to write to standard output.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters export

        $ gcloud beta dataproc clusters export

