NAME
    gcloud alpha memcache operations describe - display metadata for a
        Memorystore Memcached operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha memcache operations describe (OPERATION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Display all metadata associated with a Memorystore Memcached
    operation given a valid operation name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The operation specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        operation.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for an operation named my-memcache-operation in
    region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha memcache operations describe my-memcache-operation \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore
     Memcached operation to describe. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.
          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Memcached region of the operation. Overrides the
          default memcache/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property memcache/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the memcache/v1beta2 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud memcache operations describe

        $ gcloud beta memcache operations describe

