NAME
    gcloud artifacts attachments delete - delete an Artifact Registry
        attachment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud artifacts attachments delete
        (ATTACHMENT : --location=LOCATION --repository=REPOSITORY)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Delete an Artifact Registry attachment.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an attachment my-attachment under the current project,
    repository, and location, run:

        $ gcloud artifacts attachments delete my-attachment

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Attachment resource - The Artifact Registry attachment to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument attachment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ATTACHMENT
          ID of the attachment or fully qualified identifier for the
          attachment.

          To set the attachment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument attachment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the attachment. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument attachment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          The repository associated with the attachment. Overrides the default
          artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To
          configure the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set
          artifacts/repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument attachment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/
