NAME
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains trusts delete - delete an Active
        Directory Trust between a Managed Microsoft AD domain and a target
        domain

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains trusts delete DOMAIN
        --target-domain-name=TARGET_DOMAIN_NAME [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete an Active Directory trust between a Managed Microsoft AD
    domain and a target domain.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The domain specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        domain.
      ▪ The AD trust specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given AD
        trust.

EXAMPLES
    The following command deletes an AD trust between my-ad-domain.com and
    my-target-domain.com.

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains trusts delete \
            my-ad-domain.com --target-domain-name=my-target-domain.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Domain resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to
     delete a trust from. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument domain on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DOMAIN
          ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.

          To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument domain on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --target-domain-name=TARGET_DOMAIN_NAME
        Target domain name for the Managed Microsoft AD trust you want to
        delete.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud active-directory domains trusts delete

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains trusts delete

