NAME
    gcloud beta iot registries credentials clear - delete all credentials from
        a registry

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iot registries credentials clear
        (--registry=REGISTRY : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete all credentials from a registry.

EXAMPLES
    To delete all credentials from a registry in region 'us-central1', run:

        $ gcloud beta iot registries credentials clear \
            --region=us-central1 --registry=my-registry

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Registry resource - The device registry for which to clear credentials.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --registry on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --registry=REGISTRY
          ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry. To
          set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --registry on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the registry. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --registry on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iot registries credentials clear

        $ gcloud alpha iot registries credentials clear

