NAME
    gcloud alpha blockchain-node-engine nodes delete - delete a Blockchain Node
        Engine node

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha blockchain-node-engine nodes delete
        (NODE_NAME : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Blockchain Node Engine node.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The blockchain node specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to delete the given
        blockchain node.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a blockchain node with the name my-node in your default region,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha blockchain-node-engine nodes delete my-node

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Node resource - Name of the blockchain node you want to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument node_name on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NODE_NAME
          ID of the node or fully qualified identifier for the node.

          To set the node_name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument node_name on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the blockchain node resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument node_name on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property web3/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the blockchainnodeengine/v1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/blockchain-node-engine

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

