NAME
    gcloud alpha game servers deployments fetch-state - fetches the state of a
        Deployment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha game servers deployments fetch-state
        (DEPLOYMENT : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Fetches a Cloud Game Server Deployment State from all clusters.

EXAMPLES
    To fetch the deployment state for Game Server Deployment 'my-deployment' in
    project 'my-project' and location 'global'(deployments only support the
    'global' location), run:

        $ gcloud alpha game servers deployments fetch-state my-deployment \
            --project=my-project --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Deployment resource - Cloud Game Server Deployment State to fetch. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument deployment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       DEPLOYMENT
          ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the
          deployment. To set the deployment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument deployment on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument deployment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property game_services/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gameservices/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud game servers deployments fetch-state

        $ gcloud beta game servers deployments fetch-state

