NAME
    gcloud alpha network-security address-groups describe - describe an address
        group

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-security address-groups describe
        (ADDRESS_GROUP : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details of an address group.

EXAMPLES
    Show details about an address group named my-address-group.

        $ gcloud alpha network-security address-groups describe \
            my-address-group

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Address group resource - Name of the address group to be described. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument address_group on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       ADDRESS_GROUP
          ID of the address group or fully qualified identifier for the address
          group.

          To set the address_group attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument address_group on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument address_group on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networksecurity/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud network-security address-groups describe

        $ gcloud beta network-security address-groups describe

