NAME
    gcloud alpha apphub service-projects remove - remove an Apphub service
        project

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha apphub service-projects remove
        (SERVICE_PROJECT : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Remove an Apphub service project.

EXAMPLES
    To remove the service project my-service-project from the host project
    my-host-project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha apphub service-projects remove my-service-project \
            --project=my-host-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     ServiceProjectAttachment resource - The Service Project ID. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument service_project on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SERVICE_PROJECT
          ID of the ServiceProjectAttachment or fully qualified identifier for
          the ServiceProjectAttachment.

          To set the service_project attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service_project on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the ServiceProjectAttachment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument service_project on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ Service project attachments only support global location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

