NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc batches delete - delete a batch job

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc batches delete (BATCH : --region=REGION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete a batch job.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a batch job, run:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc batches delete my-batch-job \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Batch resource - ID of the batch job to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument batch on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BATCH
          ID of the batch or fully qualified identifier for the batch. To set
          the batch attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument batch on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the batch. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument batch on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc batches delete

