NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc batches wait - view the output of a batch as it runs
        or after it completes

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc batches wait (BATCH : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) View the output of a batch as it runs or after it completes.

EXAMPLES
    To see a list of all batches, run:

        $ gcloud dataproc batches list

    To view the output of "my-batch-job" in "us-central1" as it runs, run:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc batches wait my-batch-job --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Batch resource - ID of the batch job to wait. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument batch on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BATCH
          ID of the batch or fully qualified identifier for the batch.

          To set the batch attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument batch on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the batch. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument batch on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc batches wait

