NAME
    gcloud alpha bigtable app-profiles delete - delete a Bigtable app profile

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bigtable app-profiles delete
        (APP_PROFILE : --instance=INSTANCE) [--force] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Bigtable app profile.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an app profile, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bigtable app-profiles delete my-app-profile-id \
            --instance=my-instance-id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     App profile resource - The app profile to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument app_profile on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       APP_PROFILE
          ID of the app profile or fully qualified identifier for the app
          profile. To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument app_profile on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          Cloud Bigtable instance for the app profile. To set the instance
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument app_profile on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line.

FLAGS
     --force
        Ignore warnings and force delete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud bigtable app-profiles delete

        $ gcloud beta bigtable app-profiles delete

