NAME
    gcloud alpha domains registrations export - export a Cloud Domains
        registration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha domains registrations export REGISTRATION [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Export the domain to direct management by Google Domains. The
    domain remains valid until expiry.

    After you export a registered domain, the auto-renewal will be disabled,
    but you will continue to incur billing charges until the next yearly
    renewal date. You will also become the sole owner of the domain in Google
    Domains, and Cloud IAM is not used anymore.

    To manage your domain after exporting, visit Google Domains at
    https://domains.google.com/registrar, or see
    https://support.google.com/domains/answer/3251174 for more information.

EXAMPLES
    To export a registration for example.com, run:

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations export example.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registration resource - The domain registration to export. This represents
     a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project. To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRATION
          ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the
          registration. To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registration on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud domains registrations export

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations export

