NAME
    gcloud alpha domains registrations renew-domain - renew a recently expired
        Cloud Domains registration

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha domains registrations renew-domain REGISTRATION
        [--validate-only] [--async] [--yearly-price=YEARLY_PRICE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Use this method to renew domains that expired within the last 30
    days. Renewing your domain extends it for one year from the previous
    expiration date and you are charged the yearly renewal price.

EXAMPLES
    To renew a registration for example.com interactively, run:

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations renew-domain example.com

    To renew example.com with interactive prompts disabled, provide the
    --yearly-price flag. For example, run:

        $ gcloud alpha domains registrations renew-domain example.com \
            --yearly-price="12.00 USD" --quiet

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Registration resource - The domain registration to renew. This represents
     a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     To set the location attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument registration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ location is always global.

     This must be specified.

       REGISTRATION
          ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the
          registration.

          To set the registration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument registration on the command line.

COMMONLY USED FLAGS
     --validate-only
        Don't actually renew registration. Only validate arguments.

OTHER FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --yearly-price=YEARLY_PRICE
        Accept the domain's yearly price in the interactive flow or by using
        this flag. Use a number followed by a currency code, for example,
        "12.00 USD". Get the price by calling the renew-domain command without
        the --yearly-price flag.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud domains registrations renew-domain

        $ gcloud beta domains registrations renew-domain

