NAME
    gcloud alpha run worker-pools revisions list - list available revisions in
        a worker pool in a region

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha run worker-pools revisions list
        (--worker-pool=WORKER_POOL : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) List available revisions in a worker pool in a region.

EXAMPLES
    To list available revisions in a worker pool worker1 in a us-central1:

        $ gcloud alpha run worker-pools revisions list worker1 \
          --region=us-central1

REQUIRED FLAGS
     WorkerPool resource - WorkerPool to list revisions in. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --worker-pool on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --worker-pool=WORKER_POOL
          ID of the WorkerPool or fully qualified identifier for the
          WorkerPool.

          To set the worker-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --worker-pool on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the WorkerPool. Overrides the default run/region
          property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --worker-pool on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property run/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

