NAME
    gcloud looker operations describe - show metadata for a Looker operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud looker operations describe (OPERATION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Display all metadata associated with a Looker operation given a valid
    operation name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The operation specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        operation.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for an operation named my-looker-operation in the
    default region, run:

        $ gcloud looker operations describe my-looker-operation

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Looker operation
     you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Looker region of the operation. Overrides the default
          looker/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property looker/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the looker/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://looker.com/

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha looker operations describe

