NAME
    gcloud alpha deploy targets export - returns the .yaml definition of the
        specified target

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha deploy targets export (TARGET : --region=REGION)
        [--destination=DESTINATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) The exported YAML definition can be applied by 'deploy apply'
    command.

EXAMPLES
    To return the .yaml definition of the target 'test-target' in region
    'us-central1', run:

        $ gcloud alpha deploy targets export test-target --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Target resource - The name of the Target. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument target on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TARGET
          ID of the target or fully qualified identifier for the target. To set
          the target attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument target on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the target. Alternatively, set the property
          [deploy/region]. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument target on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property deploy/region.

FLAGS
     --destination=DESTINATION
        Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported.
        Alternatively, you may omit this flag to write to standard output.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud deploy targets export

        $ gcloud beta deploy targets export

