NAME
    gcloud looker instances describe - show metadata for a Looker instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud looker instances describe (INSTANCE : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Show metadata for a Looker instance.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The instance specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        instance.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for an instance with the name my-looker-instance in
    the default region, run:

        $ gcloud looker instances describe my-looker-instance

    To display all fields of the instance metadata, add the --format=json flag:

        $ gcloud looker instances describe my-looker-instance --format=json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Looker instance
     you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The name of the Looker region of the instance. Overrides the default
          looker/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property looker/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the looker/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/looker/docs/reference/rest/

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha looker instances describe

