NAME
    gcloud alpha compute tpus stop - stop a Cloud TPU

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute tpus stop (TPU : --zone=ZONE) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Stop a Cloud TPU.

EXAMPLES
    The following command stops a TPU with ID my-tpu in zone us-central1-b:

        $ gcloud alpha compute tpus stop my-tpu --zone=us-central1-b

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tpu resource - The Cloud TPU to stop. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument tpu on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TPU
          ID of the tpu or fully qualified identifier for the tpu. To set the
          tpu attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tpu on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

          If not specified, will use default compute/zone.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tpu on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the tpu/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute tpus stop

        $ gcloud beta compute tpus stop

