NAME
    gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables delete - delete a Cloud Bigtable
        table

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables delete (TABLE : --instance=INSTANCE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Cloud Bigtable table.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the table my-table in instance my-instance, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables delete my-table \
            --instance=my-instance

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Table resource - Cloud Bigtable table to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TABLE
          ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table.

          To set the table attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          Name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the bigtableadmin/v2 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud bigtable instances tables delete

        $ gcloud beta bigtable instances tables delete

