NAME
    gcloud beta service-extensions wasm-plugins describe - show details about a
        WasmPlugin resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta service-extensions wasm-plugins describe
        (WASM_PLUGIN : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Show details about a WasmPlugin resource.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a WasmPlugin, run:

        $ gcloud beta service-extensions wasm-plugins describe my-plugin

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     WasmPlugin resource - The WasmPlugin resource that you want to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument wasm_plugin on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       WASM_PLUGIN
          ID of the WasmPlugin or fully qualified identifier for the
          WasmPlugin.

          To set the wasm_plugin attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument wasm_plugin on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location ID.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument wasm_plugin on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ use global location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1beta1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud service-extensions wasm-plugins describe

        $ gcloud alpha service-extensions wasm-plugins describe

