NAME
    gcloud beta service-directory namespaces delete - deletes a namespace

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta service-directory namespaces delete
        (NAMESPACE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Deletes a namespace.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Service Directory namespace, run:

        $ gcloud beta service-directory namespaces delete my-namespace \
            --location=us-east1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Namespace resource - The Service Directory namespace to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument namespace on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAMESPACE
          ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace.
          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument namespace on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The name of the region for the namespace. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument namespace on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud service-directory namespaces delete

        $ gcloud alpha service-directory namespaces delete

