NAME
    gcloud beta service-directory namespaces set-iam-policy - sets IAM policy
        for a namespace

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta service-directory namespaces set-iam-policy
        (NAMESPACE : --location=LOCATION) POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Sets IAM policy for a namespace.

EXAMPLES
    To set an IAM policy to a Service Directory namespace, run:

        $ gcloud beta service-directory namespaces set-iam-policy \
            my-namespace --location=us-east1 policy.json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Namespace resource - The Service Directory namespace to add IAM policy
     binding to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument namespace on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NAMESPACE
          ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace.
          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument namespace on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The name of the region for the namespace. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument namespace on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud service-directory namespaces set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud alpha service-directory namespaces set-iam-policy

