NAME
    gcloud alpha pubsub lite-subscriptions delete - delete a Pub/Sub Lite
        subscription

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha pubsub lite-subscriptions delete
        (SUBSCRIPTION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Pub/Sub Lite subscription.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Pub/Sub Lite subscription, run:

        $ gcloud alpha pubsub lite-subscriptions delete mysubscription \
          --location=us-central1-a

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Subscription resource - Subscription to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument subscription on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SUBSCRIPTION
          ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the
          subscription.

          To set the subscription attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subscription on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          ID of the location of the Pub/Sub Lite resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subscription on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the pubsublite/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud pubsub lite-subscriptions delete

        $ gcloud beta pubsub lite-subscriptions delete

