NAME
    gcloud beta active-directory domains sql-integrations describe - describe a
        Cloud SQL integration against a Managed Microsoft AD domain

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta active-directory domains sql-integrations describe
        (SQL_INTEGRATION : --domain=DOMAIN) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Cloud SQL integration against a Managed Microsoft AD
    domain.

    Displays all details of a Cloud SQL integration given a valid integration
    ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Cloud SQL integration with the ID my-integration under the
    managed AD domain my-domain, run:

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains sql-integrations describe \
            my-integration --domain=my-domain --project=my-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     SQL integration resource - Arguments and flags that specify the SQL
     integration you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument sql_integration on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       SQL_INTEGRATION
          ID of the SQL integration or fully qualified identifier for the SQL
          integration.

          To set the sql_integration attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument sql_integration on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --domain=DOMAIN
          The fully-qualified domain name of the Microsoft Active Directory
          domain.

          To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument sql_integration on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --domain on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1beta1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains sql-integrations describe

