NAME
    gcloud alpha builds connections describe - describe a Cloud Build
        Connection

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha builds connections describe (CONNECTION : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Cloud Build Connection.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Connection my-conn in region us-central1, run the following
    command:

        $ gcloud alpha builds connections describe my-conn \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Connection resource - Cloud Build Connection to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument connection on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       CONNECTION
          ID of the connection or fully qualified identifier for the
          connection.

          To set the connection attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connection on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Google Cloud region.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument connection on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property builds/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudbuild/v2 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/cloud-build/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta builds connections describe

