NAME
    gcloud dataplex environments describe - retrieve a Dataplex Environment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataplex environments describe
        (ENVIRONMENT : --lake=LAKE --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Get a Dataplex Environment resource based on project, location, lake, and
    environment.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataplex Environment test-environment in project test-project
    under location us-central1 within lake test-lake, run:

        $ gcloud dataplex environments describe test-environment \
            --project=test-project --location=us-central1 --lake=test-lake

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Environment resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex
     Environment you want to retrieve. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment. To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --lake=LAKE
          Identifier of the Dataplex lake resource.

          To set the lake attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --lake on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument environment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex environments describe

