NAME
    gcloud beta monitoring policies conditions describe - describe a condition
        in a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta monitoring policies conditions describe
        (CONDITION : --policy=POLICY) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a condition in a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Condition resource - The name of the Condition to describe. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument condition on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONDITION
          ID of the condition or fully qualified identifier for the condition.

          To set the condition attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument condition on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --policy=POLICY
          Name of the alerting policy.

          To set the policy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument condition on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --policy on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud monitoring policies conditions describe

        $ gcloud alpha monitoring policies conditions describe

