NAME
    gcloud alpha data-catalog crawler-runs describe - describe a Data Catalog
        crawler run

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha data-catalog crawler-runs describe
        (CRAWLER_RUN : --crawler=CRAWLER) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Data Catalog crawler run.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Crawler run resource - Crawler run to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument crawler_run on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CRAWLER_RUN
          ID of the crawler run or fully qualified identifier for the crawler
          run.

          To set the crawler_run attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument crawler_run on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --crawler=CRAWLER
          The Data Catalog crawler for the crawler run.

          To set the crawler attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument crawler_run on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --crawler on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the datacatalog/v1alpha3 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data-catalog/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

