NAME
    gcloud alpha deploy releases abandon - abandons a release

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha deploy releases abandon
        (RELEASE : --delivery-pipeline=DELIVERY_PIPELINE --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) After a release is abandoned, no new rollouts can be created from
    it.

    Rollouts of abandoned releases can't be rolled back to.

    Existing rollouts of abandoned releases will be unaffected.

EXAMPLES
    To abandon a release called test-release for delivery pipeline
    test-pipeline in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha deploy releases abandon test-release \
            --delivery-pipeline=test-pipeline --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Release resource - The name of the Release. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument release on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       RELEASE
          ID of the release or fully qualified identifier for the release.

          To set the release attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument release on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --delivery-pipeline=DELIVERY_PIPELINE
          The delivery pipeline associated with the release. Alternatively, set
          the property [deploy/delivery-pipeline].

          To set the delivery-pipeline attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument release on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --delivery-pipeline on the command line;
          ▸ set the property deploy/delivery_pipeline.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the release. Alternatively, set the property
          [deploy/region].

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument release on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property deploy/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud deploy releases abandon

        $ gcloud beta deploy releases abandon

