NAME
    gcloud beta privateca roots delete - schedule a root certificate authority
        for deletion

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta privateca roots delete
        (CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY : --location=LOCATION)
        [--ignore-active-certificates] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Schedule a root certificate authority for deletion in 30 days.

    Note that any user-managed KMS keys or Google Cloud Storage buckets will
    not be affected by this operation. You will need to delete the user-
    managed resources separately once the CA is deleted. Any Google-managed
    resources will be cleaned up.

    The CA specified in this command MUST:

        1) be disabled.
        2) have no un-revoked or un-expired certificates. Use the revoke command
           to revoke any active certificates.

    You can use the restore command to halt this process.

EXAMPLES
    To schedule a root CA for deletion:

        $ gcloud beta privateca roots delete prod-root --location='us-west1'

    To schedule a root CA for deletion while skipping the confirmation input:

        $ gcloud beta privateca roots delete prod-root \
            --location='us-west1' --quiet

    To un-do the scheduled deletion for a root CA:

        $ gcloud beta privateca roots restore prod-root --location='us-west1'

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     CERTIFICATE AUTHORITY resource - The certificate authority to schedule
     deletion for. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY
          ID of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY or fully qualified identifier for the
          CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY.

          To set the certificate_authority attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY on the command line
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property privateca/location.

FLAGS
     --ignore-active-certificates
        If this flag is set, the Certificate Authority will be scheduled for
        deletion even if the Certificate Authority has un-revoked or un-expired
        certificates.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud privateca roots delete

