NAME
    gcloud alpha kms inventory get-protected-resources-summary - gets the
        protected resources summary

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha kms inventory get-protected-resources-summary
        (--keyname=KEYNAME : --keyring=KEYRING --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) gcloud alpha kms inventory get-protected-resources-summary returns
    a summary of the resources a key is protecting.

    The summary includes: How many projects contain protected resources How
    many protected resources there are What types of protected resources The
    count for each type of protected resource

EXAMPLES
    To view the summary of protected resources for the key puppy, run:

        $ gcloud alpha kms inventory get-protected-resources-summary \
            --keyname=puppy

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Key resource - The KMS key resource. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --keyname on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --keyname=KEYNAME
          ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. To set the
          key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --keyname on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --keyring=KEYRING
          The KMS keyring of the key. To set the keyring attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --keyname on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --keyring on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Google Cloud location for the key. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --keyname on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta kms inventory get-protected-resources-summary

