NAME
    gcloud alpha services vpc-peerings get-vpc-service-controls - get VPC state
        of Service Controls for the peering connection

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha services vpc-peerings get-vpc-service-controls
        --network=NETWORK
        [--service=SERVICE; default="servicenetworking.googleapis.com"]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command provides the state of the VPC Service Controls for a
    connection. The state can be enabled or disabled.

    When enabled, Google Cloud makes the following route configuration changes
    in the service producer VPC network: Google Cloud removes the IPv4 default
    route (destination 0.0.0.0/0, next hop default internet gateway), Google
    Cloud then creates an IPv4 route for destination 199.36.153.4/30 using the
    default internet gateway next hop.

    When enabled, Google Cloud also creates Cloud DNS managed private zones and
    authorizes those zones for the service producer VPC network. The zones
    include googleapis.com, pkg.dev, gcr.io, and other necessary domains or
    host names for Google APIs and services that are compatible with VPC
    Service Controls. Record data in the zones resolves all host names to
    199.36.153.4, 199.36.153.5, 199.36.153.6, and 199.36.153.7.

    When disabled, Google Cloud makes the following route configuration changes
    in the service producer VPC network: Google Cloud restores a default route
    (destination 0.0.0.0/0, next hop default internet gateway), Google Cloud
    also deletes the Cloud DNS managed private zones that provided the host
    name overrides.

    While enabled, the service producer VPC network can still import static and
    dynamic routes from the peered customer network if you enable custom route
    export. These custom routes can include a default route. For this reason,
    this command is not to be used solely as a means for preventing access to
    the internet.

EXAMPLES
    To get the status of the VPC Service Controls for a connection peering a
    network called my-network on the current project to a service called
    your-service, run:

        $ gcloud alpha services vpc-peerings get-vpc-service-controls \
            --network=my-network --service=your-service

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --network=NETWORK
        The network in the current project that is peered with the service.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --service=SERVICE; default="servicenetworking.googleapis.com"
        The service to get VPC service controls for.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta services vpc-peerings get-vpc-service-controls

