NAME
    gcloud beta source-manager instances describe - describe a Secure Source
        Manager instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta source-manager instances describe (INSTANCE : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Get details of a Secure Source Manager instance.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Secure Source Manager instance named 'my-instance' in
    location 'us-central1' under the current project, run:

        $ gcloud beta source-manager instances describe my-instance \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - The instance you want to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Secure Source Manager location.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the securesourcemanager/v1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/secure-source-manager

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud source-manager instances describe

        $ gcloud alpha source-manager instances describe

