NAME
    gcloud memorystore locations describe - show metadata for a Memorystore for
        Valkey location

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud memorystore locations describe LOCATION [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Display all metadata associated with a Memorystore for Valkey location
    given a valid location name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The location specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        location.

EXAMPLES
    To display the metadata for the location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud memorystore locations describe us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Location resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore for
     Valkey location you want to describe. This represents a Cloud resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument location on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       LOCATION
          ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the memorystore/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha memorystore locations describe

        $ gcloud beta memorystore locations describe

