NAME
    gcloud alpha source-manager repos delete - delete a Secure Source Manager
        repository

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha source-manager repos delete (REPOSITORY : --region=REGION)
        [--allow-missing] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a Secure Source Manager repository.

EXAMPLES
    To delete a repository called my-repo in location us-central1, run the
    following command:

        $ gcloud alpha source-manager repos delete my-repo \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Repository resource - The Secure Source Manager repository to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Secure Source Manager location.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --allow-missing
        If set to true, and the repository is not found, the request will
        succeed but no action will be taken on the server.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta source-manager repos delete

