NAME
    gcloud alpha source-manager repos update - update a Secure Source Manager
        repository

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha source-manager repos update (REPOSITORY : --region=REGION)
        [--description=DESCRIPTION] [--validate-only] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Update a Secure Source Manager repository.

EXAMPLES
    To update the description of a repository called my-repo in location
    us-central1, run the following command:

        $ gcloud alpha source-manager repos update my-repo \
            --description="new description" --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Repository resource - The Secure Source Manager repository to update. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       REPOSITORY
          ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the
          repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Secure Source Manager location.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument repository on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

FLAGS
     --description=DESCRIPTION
        Description of the repository. Cannot exceed 500 characters.

     --validate-only
        If set to true, the request is validated and the user is provided with
        an expected result, but no actual change is made.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud source-manager repos update

        $ gcloud beta source-manager repos update

