NAME
    gcloud dataplex glossaries describe - describe a Glossary

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataplex glossaries describe (GLOSSARY : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a Glossary. Displays all details of a Glossary given a valid
    Glossary ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataplex Glossary test-glossary within location us-central1
    and in project test-project

        $ gcloud dataplex glossaries describe test-glossary \
           --location=us-central1 --project=test-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Glossary resource - Glossary you want to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument glossary on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       GLOSSARY
          ID of the glossary or fully qualified identifier for the glossary.

          To set the glossary attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument glossary on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument glossary on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex glossaries describe

