NAME
    gcloud alpha biglake iceberg tables set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy for
        a BigLake Iceberg REST catalog table

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha biglake iceberg tables set-iam-policy
        (TABLE : --catalog=CATALOG --namespace=NAMESPACE) POLICY_FILE
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Sets the IAM policy for a BigLake Iceberg REST catalog table.

EXAMPLES
    To set the IAM policy for the catalog my-catalog, namespace my-namespace,
    and table my-table with the policy in policy.json run:

        $ gcloud alpha biglake iceberg tables set-iam-policy my-table \
            policy.json --catalog=my-catalog --namespace=my-namespace

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Table resource - The Iceberg Table to set the IAM policy for. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TABLE
          ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table.

          To set the table attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --catalog=CATALOG
          The Iceberg Catalog for the resource.

          To set the catalog attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --catalog on the command line.

       --namespace=NAMESPACE
          The Iceberg Namespace for the resource.

          To set the namespace attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument table on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --namespace on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

