NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub memberships delete - delete a membership

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub memberships delete
        (MEMBERSHIP : --location=LOCATION) [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) This command deletes the Fleet Membership resource corresponding to
    the cluster.

    This command is intended to delete stale Fleet Membership resources as
    doing so on a fully registered cluster will skip uninstalling the Connect
    Agent and and orphan in-cluster resources and agent connections to Google.
    To completely unregister the cluster, consider using the command: gcloud
    alpha container hub memberships unregister.

EXAMPLES
    First retrieve the ID of the membership using the command below. The output
    of this command lists all the fleet's members, with their unique IDs in the
    Names column:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub memberships list

    Delete a membership from the active project's fleet:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub memberships delete MEMBERSHIP_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Membership resource - The cluster membership to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument membership on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       MEMBERSHIP
          ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the
          membership.

          To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument membership on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument membership on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gkehub/v1alpha API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container hub memberships delete

        $ gcloud beta container hub memberships delete

