NAME
    gcloud beta colab schedules describe - describe a schedule

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta colab schedules describe (SCHEDULE : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Colab Enterprise notebook execution schedule.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a schedule with id my-schedule in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta colab schedules describe my-schedule \
            --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Schedule resource - Unique, system-generated resource name of the schedule
     to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument schedule on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SCHEDULE
          ID of the schedule or fully qualified identifier for the schedule.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument schedule on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the schedule.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument schedule on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property colab/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud colab schedules describe

