NAME
    gcloud alpha network-services tcp-routes describe - describe a TCP route

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-services tcp-routes describe
        (TCP_ROUTE : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details of a TCP route.

EXAMPLES
    Show details about a TCP route named 'my-tcp-route'.

        $ gcloud alpha network-services tcp-routes describe my-tcp-route \
            --location=global

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tcp route resource - Name of the TCP route to be described. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument tcp_route on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       TCP_ROUTE
          ID of the tcp route or fully qualified identifier for the tcp route.
          To set the tcp_route attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tcp_route on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location Id.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument tcp_route on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkservices/v1alpha1 API. The full documentation
    for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

