NAME
    gcloud alpha compute tpus versions describe - describe a Tensorflow version
        available for Cloud TPUs

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute tpus versions describe (VERSION : --zone=ZONE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get details on a Tensorflow version.

    To get a list of available Tesnorflow versions for your location run:

        $ gcloud alpha compute tpus versions list

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes the TensorFlow 1.15 version running in zone
    us-central1-b:

        $ gcloud alpha compute tpus versions describe 1.15 \
            --zone=us-central1-b

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Tensorflow version resource - The Tensorflow version you want to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the tensorflow_version or fully qualified identifier for the
          tensorflow_version. To set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

          If not specified, will use default compute/zone.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the tpu/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute tpus versions describe

        $ gcloud beta compute tpus versions describe

