NAME
    gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling-policies import - import an autoscaling
        policy

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling-policies import
        (AUTOSCALING_POLICY : --region=REGION) [--source=SOURCE]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) If the specified autoscaling policy already exists, it will be
    overwritten. Otherwise, a new autoscaling policy will be created. To edit
    an existing autoscaling policy, you can export the autoscaling policy to a
    file, edit its configuration, and then import the new configuration.

    This command does not allow output only fields, such as policy id and
    resource name. It populates the id field based on the resource name
    specified as the first command line argument.

EXAMPLES
    The following command creates or updates the contents of autoscaling policy
    example-autoscaling-policy based on a yaml file:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling-policies import \
            example-autoscaling-policy --source=saved-policy.yaml

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Autoscaling policy resource - The autoscaling policy to import. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument autoscaling_policy on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       AUTOSCALING_POLICY
          ID of the autoscaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the
          autoscaling policy.

          To set the autoscaling_policy attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument autoscaling_policy on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the autoscaling policy. Each Dataproc region
          constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to
          deploying instances into Compute Engine zones inside the region.
          Overrides the default dataproc/region property value for this command
          invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument autoscaling_policy on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

FLAGS
     --source=SOURCE
        Path to a YAML file containing configuration export data.
        Alternatively, you may omit this flag to read from standard input.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc autoscaling-policies import

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling-policies import

