NAME
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains migration disable - disable domain
        migration permissions on a Managed Microsoft AD domain

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains migration disable DOMAIN [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Disable domain migration permissions on a Managed Microsoft AD
    domain.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified domain doesn't exist.
      ▪ The specified domain is either being created or updated.
      ▪ The active account doesn't have permission to disable migration
        permissions on the specified domain.

EXAMPLES
    The following command disables migration permissions on the domain
    my-domain.com in project my-project.

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains migration disable \
            my-domain.com --project=my-project --async

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Domain resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain on which you
     want to disable migration permissions. This represents a Cloud resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument domain on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DOMAIN
          ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.

          To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument domain on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1alpha1 API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains migration disable

