NAME
    gcloud alpha certificate-manager maps delete - delete a certificate map

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha certificate-manager maps delete (MAP : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete a certificate map resource.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the certificate map with name simple-map, run:

        $ gcloud alpha certificate-manager maps delete simple-map

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Certificate map resource - The certificate map to delete. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument map on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       MAP
          ID of the certificate map or fully qualified identifier for the
          certificate map.

          To set the map attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument map on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The Cloud location for the certificate map.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument map on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ default value of location is [global].

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud certificate-manager maps delete

        $ gcloud beta certificate-manager maps delete

