NAME
    gcloud alpha iot registries credentials describe - show details about a
        specific registry credential

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha iot registries credentials describe INDEX
        (--registry=REGISTRY : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show details about a specific registry credential.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the first credential of a registry in region 'us-central1',
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha iot registries credentials describe \
            --region=us-central1 --registry=my-registry 0

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     INDEX
        The index (zero-based) of the credential to describe.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Registry resource - The device registry to which the credential belongs.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --registry on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --registry=REGISTRY
          ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry.

          To set the registry attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --registry on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          The Cloud region for the registry.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --registry on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iot registries credentials describe

        $ gcloud beta iot registries credentials describe

