NAME
    gcloud beta ai persistent-resources describe - get detailed information
        about a PersistentResource with a given id

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta ai persistent-resources describe
        (PERSISTENT_RESOURCE : --region=REGION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    To get the persistent resource with the PersistentResource id 123 under
    project example in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta ai persistent-resources describe 123 \
            --project=example --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Persistent resource resource - The persistent resource to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument persistent_resource on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       PERSISTENT_RESOURCE
          ID of the persistent resource or fully qualified identifier for the
          persistent resource.

          To set the name attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument persistent_resource on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Cloud region for the persistent resource.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument persistent_resource on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property ai/region;
          ▸ choose one from the prompted list of available regions.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud ai persistent-resources describe

        $ gcloud alpha ai persistent-resources describe

