NAME
    gcloud spanner instance-partitions describe - describe a Spanner instance
        partition

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud spanner instance-partitions describe
        (INSTANCE_PARTITION : --instance=INSTANCE) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a Spanner instance partition.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Spanner instance partition, run:

        $ gcloud spanner instance-partitions describe \
            my-instance-partition-id --instance=my-instance-id

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance partition resource - The Spanner instance partition to describe.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance_partition on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE_PARTITION
          ID of the instance partition or fully qualified identifier for the
          instance partition.

          To set the instance partition attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance_partition on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --instance=INSTANCE
          The Cloud Spanner instance for the instance partition.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance_partition on the command line with
            a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --instance on the command line;
          ▸ set the property spanner/instance.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha spanner instance-partitions describe

        $ gcloud beta spanner instance-partitions describe

