NAME
    gcloud beta metastore federations delete - delete one or more Dataproc
        Metastore federations

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta metastore federations delete
        (FEDERATIONS [FEDERATIONS ...] : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) If run asynchronously with --async, exits after printing one or more
    operation names that can be used to poll the status of the deletion(s) via:

        gcloud metastore operations describe

EXAMPLES
    To delete a Dataproc Metastore federation with the name
    my-metastore-federation in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta metastore federations delete my-metastore-federation \
            --location=us-central1

    To delete multiple Dataproc Metastore federations with the name
    federation-1 and federation-2 in the same location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta metastore federations delete federation-1 \
            federation-2 --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Federation resource - The federations to delete. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument federations on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       FEDERATIONS [FEDERATIONS ...]
          IDs of the federations or fully qualified identifiers for the
          federations. To set the federation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument federations on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location to which the federations belongs. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument federations on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud metastore federations delete

        $ gcloud alpha metastore federations delete

