NAME
    gcloud beta metastore federations describe - describe a Dataproc Metastore
        federation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta metastore federations describe
        (FEDERATION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a Dataproc Metastore federation.

    Displays all details of a Dataproc Metastore federation given a valid
    federation ID.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataproc Metastore federation with the ID
    my-metastore-federation in us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta metastore federations describe \
            my-metastore-federation --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Federation resource - Arguments and flags that specify the Metastore
     federation you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used
     to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument federation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       FEDERATION
          ID of the federation or fully qualified identifier for the
          federation. To set the federation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument federation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the Dataproc Metastore service.

          If not specified, will use default metastore/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument federation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property metastore/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the metastore/v1beta API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-metastore/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud metastore federations describe

        $ gcloud alpha metastore federations describe

