NAME
    gcloud alpha bms volumes luns describe - describe a Bare Metal Solution LUN

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha bms volumes luns describe
        (LUN : --region=REGION --volume=VOLUME) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Bare Metal Solution logical unit number (LUN).

EXAMPLES
    To get details about a LUN called my-lun on volume my-volume in region
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha bms volumes luns describe my-lun \
            --region=us-central1 --volume=my-volume

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Lun resource - lun. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument lun on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       LUN
          ID of the lun or fully qualified identifier for the lun. To set the
          lun attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument lun on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Region of the resource. To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument lun on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line.

       --volume=VOLUME
          Bare Metal Solution volume. To set the volume attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument lun on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --volume on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud bms volumes luns describe

