NAME
    gcloud beta eventarc enrollments delete - delete an Eventarc enrollment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta eventarc enrollments delete (ENROLLMENT : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete an Eventarc enrollment.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the enrollment my-enrollment in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta eventarc enrollments delete my-enrollment \
             --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Enrollment resource - Enrollment to delete. The arguments in this group
     can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument enrollment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ENROLLMENT
          ID of the enrollment or fully qualified identifier for the
          enrollment.

          To set the enrollment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument enrollment on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the Eventarc enrollment, which should be one of the
          supported regions. Alternatively, set the [eventarc/location]
          property.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument enrollment on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property eventarc/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

