NAME
    gcloud alpha container hub packages describe - describe Package Rollouts
        Fleet Package

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container hub packages describe
        (FLEET_PACKAGE : --location=LOCATION) [--show-cluster-status]
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe Package Rollouts Fleet Package.

EXAMPLES
    To view Fleet Package cert-manager-app in us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub packages describe cert-manager-app \
             --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Fleet package resource - The Fleet Package to describe. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument fleet_package on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       FLEET_PACKAGE
          ID of the fleet-package or fully qualified identifier for the
          fleet-package.

          To set the fleet-package attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument fleet_package on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud zone or region for the fleet-package.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument fleet_package on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property config_delivery/location.

FLAGS
     --show-cluster-status
        Show more information about the Fleet Package.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud container hub packages describe

        $ gcloud beta container hub packages describe

