NAME
    gcloud alpha storage insights dataset-configs create-link - create a link
        to a BigQuery instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha storage insights dataset-configs create-link
        (DATASET_CONFIG : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Create link to the customer BigQuery instance for Insights dataset
    config.

EXAMPLES
    To create a link to the customer BigQuery instance for config name:
    "my-config" in location "us-central1":

        $ gcloud alpha storage insights dataset-configs create-link \
          my-config --location=us-central1

    To create a link for the same dataset config with fully specified name:

        $ gcloud alpha storage insights dataset-configs create-link \
          projects/foo/locations/us-central1/datasetConfigs/my-config

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Dataset config resource - The Dataset config to create link. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument dataset_config on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DATASET_CONFIG
          ID of the dataset-config or fully qualified identifier for the
          dataset-config.

          To set the dataset-config attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument dataset_config on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Insights supported Google Cloud location for the dataset-config.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument dataset_config on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

