NAME
    gcloud alpha compute storage-pools list-disks - view the disks that are in
        a storage pool

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha compute storage-pools list-disks (STORAGE_POOL : --zone=ZONE)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) View the disks that are in a given storage pool.

EXAMPLES
    The following command retrieves all disks belonging to a storage pool and
    lists them:

        $ gcloud alpha compute storage-pools list-disks my-storage-pool

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Storage pool resource - Name of the storage pool you want to inspect. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument storage_pool on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       STORAGE_POOL
          ID of the storage pool or fully qualified identifier for the storage
          pool.

          To set the storage_pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument storage_pool on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --zone=ZONE
          The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.

          To set the zone attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument storage_pool on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --zone on the command line;
          ▸ set the property compute/zone.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the compute/alpha API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/compute/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud compute storage-pools list-disks

        $ gcloud beta compute storage-pools list-disks

