NAME
    gcloud alpha container azure node-pools describe - describe a node pool in
        an Anthos cluster on Azure

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha container azure node-pools describe
        (NODE_POOL : --cluster=CLUSTER --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a node pool in an Anthos cluster on Azure.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a node pool named my-node-pool in a cluster named my-cluster
    managed in location us-west1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha container azure node-pools describe my-node-pool \
            --cluster=my-cluster --location=us-west1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Nodepool resource - node pool to describe. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument node_pool on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       NODE_POOL
          ID of the nodepool or fully qualified identifier for the nodepool. To
          set the nodepool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument node_pool on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --cluster=CLUSTER
          cluster of the nodepool. To set the cluster attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument node_pool on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --cluster on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location for the nodepool. To set the location
          attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument node_pool on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property container_azure/location;
          ▸ set the property azure/location (deprecated).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud container azure node-pools describe

