NAME
    gcloud compute - create and manipulate Compute Engine resources

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compute GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    The gcloud compute command group lets you create, configure, and manipulate
    Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) instances.

    With Compute Engine, you can create and run VMs on Google's infrastructure.
    Compute Engine offers scale, performance, and value that lets you launch
    large compute clusters on Google's infrastructure.

    For more information about Compute Engine, see the Compute Engine overview
    (https://cloud.google.com/compute/) and the Compute Engine user
    documentation (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     accelerator-types
        Read Compute Engine accelerator types.

     addresses
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine addresses.

     backend-buckets
        Read and manipulate backend buckets.

     backend-services
        List, create, and delete backend services.

     commitments
        Manage Compute Engine commitments.

     diagnose
        Debugging tools for Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     disk-types
        Read Compute Engine virtual disk types.

     disks
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine disks.

     external-vpn-gateways
        List, create, delete and update External VPN Gateways.

     firewall-policies
        Manage Compute Engine organization firewall policies.

     firewall-rules
        List, create, update, and delete Compute Engine firewall rules.

     forwarding-rules
        Read and manipulate traffic forwarding rules to network load balancers.

     health-checks
        Read and manipulate health checks for load balanced instances.

     http-health-checks
        Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances.

     https-health-checks
        Read and manipulate HTTPS health checks for load balanced instances.

     images
        List, create, and delete Compute Engine images.

     instance-groups
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine instance groups.

     instance-templates
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine instances templates.

     instances
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

     instant-snapshots
        Create, list and delete Compute Engine instant snapshots.

     interconnects
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnects.

     machine-images
        Read and manage Compute Engine machine image resources.

     machine-types
        Read Compute Engine virtual machine types.

     network-attachments
        Manage Compute Engine network attachment resources.

     network-edge-security-services
        Read and manipulate network edge security services.

     network-endpoint-groups
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine network endpoint groups.

     network-firewall-policies
        Manage Compute Engine network firewall policies.

     network-profiles
        Read Compute Engine network profiles.

     networks
        List, create, and delete Compute Engine networks.

     operations
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine operations.

     os-config
        Manage OS Config tasks for Compute Engine VM instances.

     os-login
        Create and manipulate Compute Engine OS Login resources.

     packet-mirrorings
        Manage Compute Engine packet mirroring resources.

     project-info
        Read and manipulate project-level data like quotas and metadata.

     project-zonal-metadata
        Describe and update project zonal metadata.

     public-advertised-prefixes
        Manage public advertised prefix resources.

     public-delegated-prefixes
        Manage public delegated prefix resources.

     regions
        List Compute Engine regions.

     reservations
        Manage Compute Engine reservations.

     resource-policies
        Manage Compute Engine Resource Policies.

     routers
        List, create, and delete Compute Engine routers.

     routes
        Read and manipulate routes.

     security-policies
        Read and manipulate Cloud Armor security policies.

     service-attachments
        Manage Compute Engine service attachment resources.

     shared-vpc
        Configure shared VPC.

     snapshot-settings
        Describe and update Compute Engine snapshot settings.

     snapshots
        List, describe, and delete Compute Engine snapshots.

     sole-tenancy
        Read and manage Compute Engine sole-tenancy resources.

     ssl-certificates
        List, create, and delete Compute Engine SSL certificate resources.

     ssl-policies
        List, create, delete and update Compute Engine SSL policies.

     storage-pool-types
        Read storage pool types.

     storage-pools
        Read and manipulate storage pools.

     target-grpc-proxies
        Manage Compute Engine target gRPC proxy resources.

     target-http-proxies
        List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

     target-https-proxies
        List, create, and delete target HTTPS proxies.

     target-instances
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual target instances.

     target-pools
        Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.

     target-ssl-proxies
        List, create, and delete target SSL proxies.

     target-tcp-proxies
        List, create, and delete target TCP proxies.

     target-vpn-gateways
        Read and manipulate classic VPN gateways.

     tpus
        List, create, and delete Cloud TPUs.

     url-maps
        List, create, and delete URL maps.

     vpn-gateways
        read and manipulate Highly Available VPN Gateways.

     vpn-tunnels
        Read and manipulate Compute Engine VPN tunnels.

     zones
        List Compute Engine zones.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     config-ssh
        Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

     connect-to-serial-port
        Connect to the serial port of an instance.

     copy-files
        Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines via scp.

     reset-windows-password
        Reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance.

     scp
        Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines via scp.

     sign-url
        Sign specified URL for use with Cloud CDN Signed URLs.

     ssh
        SSH into a virtual machine instance.

     start-iap-tunnel
        Starts an IAP TCP forwarding tunnel.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha compute

        $ gcloud beta compute

