NAME
    gcloud composer environments user-workloads-secrets describe - get details
        about a user workloads Secret

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud composer environments user-workloads-secrets describe [SECRET_NAME]
        (--environment=ENVIRONMENT : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Get details about a user workloads Secret.

EXAMPLES
    To get details about a user workloads Secret of the environment named
    env-1, run:

        $ gcloud composer environments user-workloads-secrets describe \
            secret-1 --environment=env-1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     [SECRET_NAME]
        Name of the Secret.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     Environment resource - The environment of the secret. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --environment on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       --environment=ENVIRONMENT
          ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the
          environment.

          To set the environment attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Region where Composer environment runs or in which to create the
          environment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --environment on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property composer/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha composer environments user-workloads-secrets describe

        $ gcloud beta composer environments user-workloads-secrets describe

