NAME
    gcloud healthcare datasets delete - delete a Cloud Healthcare API dataset

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud healthcare datasets delete (DATASET : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Deletes a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the dataset 'test-dataset', run:

        $ gcloud healthcare datasets delete test-dataset

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Dataset resource - Cloud Healthcare API dataset to delete. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument dataset on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DATASET
          ID of the dataset or fully qualified identifier for the dataset. To
          set the dataset attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument dataset on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument dataset on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property healthcare/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the healthcare/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha healthcare datasets delete

        $ gcloud beta healthcare datasets delete

