NAME
    gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates import - import a workflow
        template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates import
        (TEMPLATE : --region=REGION) [--source=SOURCE] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) If the specified template resource already exists, it will be
    overwritten. Otherwise, a new template will be created. To edit an existing
    template, you can export the template to a file, edit its configuration,
    and then import the new configuration.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Template resource - The name of the workflow template to import. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TEMPLATE
          ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. To
          set the template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

FLAGS
     --source=SOURCE
        Path to a YAML file containing configuration export data. The YAML file
        must not contain any output-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit
        this flag to read from standard input.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc workflow-templates import

        $ gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates import

