NAME
    gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates run - run a workflow template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates run (TEMPLATE : --region=REGION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) (DEPRECATED) Run a workflow template.

    Workflow template run command is deprecated, please use instantiate
    command: "gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates instantiate"

EXAMPLES
    To run a workflow template 'my-workflow-template' in region 'us-central1' ,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates run \
            my-workflow-template --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Template resource - The name of the workflow template to run. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TEMPLATE
          ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template.

          To set the template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation.

          To set the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates run

