NAME
    gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates set-dag-timeout - set DAG timeout
        on a workflow template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates set-dag-timeout
        (TEMPLATE : --region=REGION) --dag-timeout=DAG_TIMEOUT
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Set DAG timeout on a workflow template.

EXAMPLES
    To add a DAG timeout of 2h (or update an existing one to 2h) on a workflow
    template named my-workflow-template in region us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates set-dag-timeout \
            my-workflow-template --region=us-central1 --dag-timeout=2h"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Template resource - The name of the workflow template to set the DAG
     timeout on. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TEMPLATE
          ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. To
          set the template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --dag-timeout=DAG_TIMEOUT
        The duration for which a DAG of jobs can run before being
        auto-cancelled, such as "10m" or "16h". See $ gcloud topic datetimes
        for information on duration formats.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc workflow-templates set-dag-timeout

        $ gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates set-dag-timeout

