NAME
    gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates set-iam-policy - set IAM policy
        for a template

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates set-iam-policy
        (TEMPLATE : --region=REGION) POLICY_FILE [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Sets the IAM policy for a workflow template, given a template ID
    and the policy.

EXAMPLES
    The following command will read an IAM policy from 'policy.json' and set it
    for a template with 'example-template' as the identifier:

        $ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow-templates set-iam-policy \
            example-template policy.json

    See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing-policies for details of the
    policy file format and contents.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Template resource - The name of the workflow template to set the policy
     on. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
     this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       TEMPLATE
          ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. To
          set the template attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument template on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud dataproc workflow-templates set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud beta dataproc workflow-templates set-iam-policy

