NAME
    gcloud beta network-connectivity hubs groups describe - describe a group

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta network-connectivity hubs groups describe (GROUP : --hub=HUB)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Retrieve and display details about a group.

EXAMPLES
    To display details about a group named my-group, run:

        $ gcloud beta network-connectivity hubs groups describe my-group

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Group resource - Name of the group to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument group on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       GROUP
          ID of the group or fully qualified identifier for the group.

          To set the group attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument group on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --hub=HUB
          Id of the hub.

          To set the hub attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument group on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --hub on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the networkconnectivity/v1beta API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/network-connectivity/docs/reference/networkconnectivity/rest

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud network-connectivity hubs groups describe

