NAME
    gcloud alpha vmware network-peerings update - update a Google Cloud VMware
        Engine VPC network peering

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha vmware network-peerings update NETWORK_PEERING [--async]
        [--description=DESCRIPTION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Update a VMware Engine VPC network peering description.

EXAMPLES
    To update only the description of a VPC network peering named my-peering to
    Example description, run:

        $ gcloud alpha vmware network-peerings update my-peering \
            --description="Example description"

    In this example, the project is taken from gcloud properties core/project
    and location is taken as global.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     VMware Engine VPC network peering resource - network_peering. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument network_peering on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       NETWORK_PEERING
          ID of the VMware Engine VPC network peering or fully qualified
          identifier for the VMware Engine VPC network peering. To set the
          network-peering attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument network_peering on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete. The default is True. Enabled by default, use --no-async to
        disable.

     --description=DESCRIPTION
        Updated description for this VPC network peering.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist.

