NAME
    gcloud beta iam workforce-pools providers keys operations describe -
        describe a workforce pool provider key operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta iam workforce-pools providers keys operations describe
        (OPERATION : --key=KEY --location=LOCATION
          --provider=PROVIDER --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe a workforce pool provider key operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the long-running workforce pool provider key operation with the
    ID my-operation, run:

        $ gcloud beta iam workforce-pools providers keys operations \
            describe my-operation --workforce-pool="my-workforce-pool" \
            --provider="my-provider" --key="my-key" --location="global"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workforce pool provider key operation resource - The workforce pool
     provider key long-running operation to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the workforce pool provider key operation or fully qualified
          identifier for the workforce pool provider key operation. To set the
          operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --key=KEY
          The ID for the key, which becomes the final component of the resource
          name. This value must be 4-32 characters, and may contain the
          characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by Google,
          and may not be specified.

          To set the key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --key on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the workforce pool. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --provider=PROVIDER
          The ID to use for the workforce pool provider, which becomes the
          final component of the resource name. This value must be unique
          within the workforce pool, 4-32 characters in length, and may contain
          the characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by
          Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the provider attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --provider on the command line.

       --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL
          The ID to use for the workforce pool, which becomes the final
          component of the resource name. This value must be a globally unique
          string of 6 to 63 lowercase letters, digits, or hyphens. It must
          start with a letter, and cannot have a trailing hyphen. The prefix
          gcp- is reserved for use by Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workforce-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workforce-pool on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud iam workforce-pools providers keys operations describe

        $ gcloud alpha iam workforce-pools providers keys operations describe

