NAME
    gcloud alpha biglake iceberg catalogs set-iam-policy - set the IAM policy
        for a BigLake Iceberg REST catalog

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha biglake iceberg catalogs set-iam-policy CATALOG POLICY_FILE
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Sets the IAM policy for a BigLake Iceberg REST catalog.

EXAMPLES
    To set the IAM policy for the catalog my-catalog with the policy in
    policy.json run:

        $ gcloud alpha biglake iceberg catalogs set-iam-policy my-catalog \
            policy.json

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Catalog resource - The Iceberg Catalog to set the IAM policy for. This
     represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument catalog on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CATALOG
          ID of the catalog or fully qualified identifier for the catalog.

          To set the catalog attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument catalog on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

        The output of the get-iam-policy command is a valid file, as is any
        JSON or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
        (https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta biglake iceberg catalogs set-iam-policy

