NAME
    gcloud alpha healthcare annotation-stores create - create a Cloud
        Healthcare API annotation store

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha healthcare annotation-stores create
        (ANNOTATION_STORE : --dataset=DATASET --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Create a Cloud Healthcare API annotation store.

EXAMPLES
    To create an annotation store called 'test-annotation-store', run:

        $ gcloud alpha healthcare annotation-stores create \
            test-annotation-store --dataset=test-dataset

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     AnnotationStore resource - Cloud Healthcare API annotation store to
     create. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
     of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this
     group but can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument annotation_store on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       ANNOTATION_STORE
          ID of the annotationStore or fully qualified identifier for the
          annotationStore. To set the annotation_store attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument annotation_store on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --dataset=DATASET
          Cloud Healthcare dataset. To set the dataset attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument annotation_store on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --dataset on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Google Cloud location. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument annotation_store on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property healthcare/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the healthcare/v1alpha2 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta healthcare annotation-stores create

