NAME
    gcloud compliance-manager operations cancel - cancel operations

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud compliance-manager operations cancel
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION --organization=ORGANIZATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Cancel an operation

EXAMPLES
    To cancel the operation, run:

        $ gcloud compliance-manager operations cancel

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - The name of the operation resource to be cancelled.
     The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location id of the operation resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --organization=ORGANIZATION
          The organization id of the operation resource.

          To set the organization attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --organization on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the cloudsecuritycompliance/v1 API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center#compliance-management
