NAME
    gcloud beta eventarc pipelines delete - delete an Eventarc pipeline

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta eventarc pipelines delete (PIPELINE : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Delete an Eventarc pipeline.

EXAMPLES
    To delete the pipeline my-pipeline in location us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud beta eventarc pipelines delete my-pipeline \
             --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Pipeline resource - Pipeline to delete. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument pipeline on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       PIPELINE
          ID of the pipeline or fully qualified identifier for the pipeline.

          To set the pipeline attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument pipeline on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the Eventarc pipeline, which should be one of the
          supported regions. Alternatively, set the [eventarc/location]
          property.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument pipeline on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property eventarc/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud eventarc pipelines delete

