NAME
    gcloud alpha beyondcorp app operations describe - describe a Beyondcorp
        Appconnector operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha beyondcorp app operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION) [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Describe a Beyondcorp Appconnector operation given a valid
    operation name.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes an operation called
    operation-1484002552235-425b144f8c3f8-81aa4b49-0830d1e9:

        $ gcloud alpha beyondcorp app operations describe \
            --location=us-central1 \
            operation-1484002552235-425b144f8c3f8-81aa4b49-0830d1e9

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Operation resource - Name of the AppConnector operation you want to
     describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
     attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.

          To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the beyondcorp service.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the beyondcorp/v1alpha API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta beyondcorp app operations describe

