NAME
    gcloud beta data-fusion instances delete - deletes a Cloud Data Fusion
        instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta data-fusion instances delete (INSTANCE : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) If run asynchronously with --async, exits after printing an
    operation that can be used to poll the status of the creation operation
    via:

        gcloud beta data-fusion instances delete operations list

EXAMPLES
    To delete instance my-instance in project my-project and location
    my-location, run:

        $ gcloud beta data-fusion instances delete my-instance \
            --project=my-project --location=my-location

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Instance to delete. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

          To set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Compute Engine region in which to create the instance.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property datafusion/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

