NAME
    gcloud beta data-fusion instances restart - restarts a Cloud Data Fusion
        instance

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta data-fusion instances restart (INSTANCE : --location=LOCATION)
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) If run asynchronously with --async, exits after printing an
    operation that can be used to poll the status of the creation operation
    via:

        gcloud beta data-fusion instances restart operations list

EXAMPLES
    To restart instance 'my-instance' in project 'my-project' and location
    'my-location', run:

        $ gcloud beta data-fusion instances restart --project=my-project \
            --location=my-location my-instance

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Instance resource - Instance to restart. The arguments in this group can
     be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set
     the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INSTANCE
          ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. To
          set the instance attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Compute Engine region in which to create the instance. To set the
          location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument instance on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property datafusion/location.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice.

