NAME
    gcloud container hub scopes describe - describe a fleet scope

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud container hub scopes describe (SCOPE : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a Fleet Scope.

EXAMPLES
    First retrieve the ID of the scope using the command below. The output of
    this command lists all the fleet's members, with their unique IDs in the
    Names column:

        $ gcloud container hub scopes list

    Then describe it:

        $ gcloud container hub scopes describe SCOPE_NAME

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Scope resource - The scope to describe. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument scope on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SCOPE
          ID of the scope or fully qualified identifier for the scope.

          To set the scope attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument scope on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument scope on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ global is the only supported location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the gkehub/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster-management/connect/registering-a-cluster

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container hub scopes describe

        $ gcloud beta container hub scopes describe

