NAME
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains describe - describe a Managed
        Microsoft AD domain

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains describe DOMAIN
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Show metadata for a Managed Microsoft AD domain.

    Displays all metadata associated with a Active Directory domain given a
    valid AD domain fully-qualified domain name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The domain specified does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        domain.

EXAMPLES
    The following command prints metadata for an AD domain with the name
    my-domain.com.

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains describe my-domain.com

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Domain resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to
     describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
     project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument domain on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       DOMAIN
          ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain. To set
          the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument domain on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1alpha1 API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud active-directory domains describe

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains describe

