NAME
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains restore - restore a domain from the
        specified backup

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha active-directory domains restore DOMAIN --backup=BACKUP
        [--async] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Restore a Managed Microsoft AD domain to a previous point in time
    when the backup was taken.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified domain doesn't exist.
      ▪ The specified backup doesn't exist.
      ▪ The active account doesn't have permission to restore the specified
        domain.

EXAMPLES
    To restore the domain my-domain.com from backup my-backup, run:

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory domains restore my-domain.com \
            --backup=my-backup --async

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Domain resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to
     restore. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
     given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument domain on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       DOMAIN
          ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.

          To set the domain attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument domain on the command line.

REQUIRED FLAGS
     --backup=BACKUP
        Name of the domain backup from which you want to restore the Managed
        Microsoft AD domain.

OPTIONAL FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1alpha1 API. The full
    documentation for this API can be found at:
    https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud active-directory domains restore

        $ gcloud beta active-directory domains restore

