NAME
    gcloud alpha redis instances - manage Cloud Memorystore Redis instances

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha redis instances GROUP | COMMAND [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

EXAMPLES
    To create an instance with the name my-redis-instance, run:

        $ gcloud alpha redis instances create my-redis-instance

    To delete an instance with the name my-redis-instance, run:

        $ gcloud alpha redis instances delete my-redis-instance

    To display the details for an instance with the name my-redis-instance,
    run:

        $ gcloud alpha redis instances describe my-redis-instance

    To list all the instances, run:

        $ gcloud alpha redis instances list

    To set the label env to prod for an instance with the name
    my-redis-instance, run:

        $ gcloud alpha redis instances my-redis-instance \
            --update-labels=env=prod

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --help.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

GROUPS
    GROUP is one of the following:

     config
        (ALPHA) Manage Redis instance configurations.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

     create
        (ALPHA) Create a Memorystore Redis instance.

     delete
        (ALPHA) Delete a Redis instance.

     describe
        (ALPHA) Show metadata for a Memorystore Redis instance.

     export
        (ALPHA) Export data from a Memorystore Redis instance to Google Cloud
        Storage.

     failover
        (ALPHA) Failover a standard tier Cloud Memorystore for Redis instance
        from the master node to its replica.

     get-auth-string
        (ALPHA) Show AUTH string for a Memorystore Redis instance.

     import
        (ALPHA) Import data to a Memorystore Redis instance from Google Cloud
        Storage.

     list
        (ALPHA) List Memorystore Redis instances.

     reschedule-maintenance
        (ALPHA) Reschedule maintenance window for a Redis instance.

     update
        (ALPHA) Update Memorystore Redis instances.

     upgrade
        (ALPHA) Upgrade a Memorystore for Redis instance to a specified Redis
        version.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud redis instances

        $ gcloud beta redis instances

