NAME
    gcloud beta datastream streams describe - show details about a Datastream
        stream resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta datastream streams describe (STREAM : --location=LOCATION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Show details about a Datastream stream resource.

EXAMPLES
    To show details about a stream, run:

        $ gcloud beta datastream streams describe my-stream \
            --location=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Stream resource - The stream you want to get the details of. The arguments
     in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
     (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be
     set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument stream on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       STREAM
          ID of the stream or fully qualified identifier for the stream. To set
          the stream attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument stream on the command line.

          This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location of the resources. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument stream on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the datastream/v1 API. The full documentation for this
    API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datastream/

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. This
    variant is also available:

        $ gcloud datastream streams describe

