NAME
    gcloud alpha network-security intercept-deployments delete - delete an
        Intercept Deployment

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha network-security intercept-deployments delete
        (INTERCEPT_DEPLOYMENT : --location=LOCATION) [--async]
        [--max-wait=MAX_WAIT; default="20m"] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete an intercept deployment. Check the progress of deployment
    deletion by using gcloud network-security intercept-deployments list.

    For more examples, refer to the EXAMPLES section below.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an intercept deployment called my-deployment in location
    us-central1, run:

        $ gcloud alpha network-security intercept-deployments delete \
            my-deployment --location=us-central1-a --project=my-project

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Intercept deployment resource - Intercept Deployment. The arguments in
     this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
     Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
     other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument INTERCEPT_DEPLOYMENT on the command line with a
        fully specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       INTERCEPT_DEPLOYMENT
          ID of the intercept deployment or fully qualified identifier for the
          intercept deployment.

          To set the deployment-id attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument INTERCEPT_DEPLOYMENT on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the intercept deployment.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument INTERCEPT_DEPLOYMENT on the command line
            with a fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete. The default is True. Enabled by default, use --no-async to
        disable.

     --max-wait=MAX_WAIT; default="20m"
        Time to synchronously wait for the operation to complete, after which
        the operation continues asynchronously. Ignored if --no-async isn't
        specified. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time
        formats.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta network-security intercept-deployments delete

