NAME
    gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions set-iam-policy - set IAM policy for a
        subscription

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions set-iam-policy SUBSCRIPTION POLICY_FILE
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Pub/Sub Subscription.

EXAMPLES
    The following command will read an IAM policy from 'policy.json' and set it
    for a subscription with 'my-subscription' as the identifier:

        $ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions set-iam-policy my-subscription \
            policy.json

    See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing-policies for details of the
    policy file format and contents.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Subscription resource - Name of the subscription to set an IAM policy on.
     This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the project
     attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument subscription on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       SUBSCRIPTION
          ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the
          subscription. To set the subscription attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument subscription on the command line.

     POLICY_FILE
        JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud pubsub subscriptions set-iam-policy

        $ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions set-iam-policy

