NAME
    gcloud iam workforce-pools subjects operations describe - describe a
        workforce pool subject operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iam workforce-pools subjects operations describe
        (OPERATION : --location=LOCATION
          --subject=SUBJECT --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a workforce pool subject operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the long-running workforce pool subject operation with the ID
    my-operation, run:

        $ gcloud iam workforce-pools subjects operations describe \
            my-operation --workforce-pool="my-workforce-pool" \
            --subject="my-subject" --location="global"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workforce pool subject operation resource - The workforce pool subject
     long-running operation to describe. The arguments in this group can be
     used to specify the attributes of this resource.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the workforce pool subject operation or fully qualified
          identifier for the workforce pool subject operation. To set the
          operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location for the workforce pool. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --subject=SUBJECT
          The ID to use for the workforce pool subject, which becomes the final
          component of the resource name.

          To set the subject attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --subject on the command line.

       --workforce-pool=WORKFORCE_POOL
          The ID to use for the workforce pool, which becomes the final
          component of the resource name. This value must be a globally unique
          string of 6 to 63 lowercase letters, digits, or hyphens. It must
          start with a letter, and cannot have a trailing hyphen. The prefix
          gcp- is reserved for use by Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workforce-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workforce-pool on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/
