NAME
    gcloud dataproc batches describe - describe a batch job

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud dataproc batches describe (BATCH : --region=REGION)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a batch job.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a batch job, run:

        $ gcloud dataproc batches describe EXAMPLE-JOB --region=us-central1

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Batch resource - ID of the batch job to describe. The arguments in this
     group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
     attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
     ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument batch on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       BATCH
          ID of the batch or fully qualified identifier for the batch. To set
          the batch attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument batch on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --region=REGION
          Dataproc region for the batch. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
          independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
          into Compute Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default
          dataproc/region property value for this command invocation. To set
          the region attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument batch on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --region on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataproc/region.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud beta dataproc batches describe

