NAME
    gcloud container fleet identity-service delete - remove the Identity
        Service Feature Spec for the given membership

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud container fleet identity-service delete
        [--membership=MEMBERSHIP : --location=LOCATION] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Removes the Identity Service Feature Spec for the given membership.

EXAMPLES
    To delete an Identity Service configuration for a membership, run:

        $ gcloud container fleet identity-service delete \
            --membership=MEMBERSHIP_NAME

FLAGS
     Membership resource - The group of arguments defining a membership. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

       --membership=MEMBERSHIP
          ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the
          membership.

          To set the membership attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line.

          This flag argument must be specified if any of the other arguments in
          this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location for the membership.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument --membership on the command line with a
            fully specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property gkehub/location.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha container fleet identity-service delete

        $ gcloud beta container fleet identity-service delete

