NAME
    gcloud active-directory peerings describe - describe a Managed Microsoft
        Active Directory domain peering

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud active-directory peerings describe PEERING [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Show metadata for a Managed Microsoft AD domain peering.

    Displays all metadata associated with a Active Directory domain peering
    given a valid domain peering name.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified domain peering does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to access the given
        domain.

EXAMPLES
    The following command gets metadata for an AD domain peering with the name
    my-peering.

        $ gcloud active-directory peerings describe my-peering

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Peering resource - Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain peering you
     want to describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
     are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument peering on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       PEERING
          ID of the peering or fully qualified identifier for the peering.

          To set the peering attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument peering on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the managedidentities/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed-microsoft-ad/

NOTES
    These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud alpha active-directory peerings describe

        $ gcloud beta active-directory peerings describe

