NAME
    gcloud alpha dataplex content describe - retrieve a Dataplex Content
        Resource

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha dataplex content describe
        (CONTENT : --lake=LAKE --location=LOCATION)
        [--view=VIEW; default="basic"] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Get a Dataplex Content resource based on project, location, lake,
    and content.

EXAMPLES
    To describe a Dataplex Content test-content in project test-project under
    loaction us-central1 inside project test-project, run:

        $ gcloud alpha dataplex content describe test-content \
            --project=test-project --location=us-central1 --lake=test-lake

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Content resource - Arguments and flags that define the Dataplex Content
     you want to retrieve. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
     the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
     arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument content on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line;
      ◆ set the property core/project.

     This must be specified.

       CONTENT
          ID of the content or fully qualified identifier for the content.

          To set the content attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument content on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --lake=LAKE
          Identifier of the Dataplex lake resource.

          To set the lake attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument content on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --lake on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the Dataplex resource.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument content on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property dataplex/location.

FLAGS
     --view=VIEW; default="basic"
        There are two possible views, 'basic' and 'full'. The default view is
        'basic'. VIEW must be one of:

         basic
            Does not include the Content data in response.

         full
            Includes the content data in response.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the dataplex/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dataplex/docs

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. This variant is also available:

        $ gcloud dataplex content describe

