NAME
    gcloud alpha artifacts versions delete - delete an Artifact Registry
        package version

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud alpha artifacts versions delete
        (VERSION
          : --location=LOCATION --package=PACKAGE --repository=REPOSITORY)
        [--async] [--delete-tags] [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (ALPHA) Delete an Artifact Registry package version.

    This command can fail for the following reasons:
      ▪ The specified package version does not exist.
      ▪ The active account does not have permission to delete package
        versions.

EXAMPLES
    To delete version 1.0.0 of my-pkg under the current project, repository,
    and location, run:

        $ gcloud alpha artifacts versions delete 1.0.0 --package=my-pkg

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Version resource - The Artifact Registry package version to delete. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways.

     To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       VERSION
          ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version.

          To set the version attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --location=LOCATION
          Location of the version. Overrides the default artifacts/location
          property value for this command invocation. To configure the default
          location, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.

          To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/location.

       --package=PACKAGE
          The package associated with the version.

          To set the package attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --package on the command line.

       --repository=REPOSITORY
          The repository associated with the version. Overrides the default
          artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To
          configure the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set
          artifacts/repository.

          To set the repository attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument version on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --repository on the command line;
          ▸ set the property artifacts/repository.

FLAGS
     --async
        Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to
        complete.

     --delete-tags
        If specified, all tags associated with the version are deleted.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the artifactregistry/v1 API. The full documentation for
    this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/

NOTES
    This command is currently in alpha and might change without notice. If this
    command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the correct
    project, you might be trying to access an API with an invitation-only early
    access allowlist. These variants are also available:

        $ gcloud artifacts versions delete

        $ gcloud beta artifacts versions delete

