NAME
    gcloud iam workload-identity-pools providers keys operations describe -
        describe a workload identity pool provider key operation

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud iam workload-identity-pools providers keys operations describe
        (OPERATION : --key=KEY --location=LOCATION
          --provider=PROVIDER --workload-identity-pool=WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL)
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    Describe a workload identity pool provider key operation.

EXAMPLES
    To describe the long-running workload identity pool provider key operation
    with the ID my-operation, run:

        $ gcloud iam workload-identity-pools providers keys operations \
            describe my-operation --workload-identity-pool="my-pool" \
            --provider="my-provider" --key="my-key" --location="global"

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Workload identity pool provider key operation resource - The workload
     identity pool provider key long-running operation to describe. The
     arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
        specified name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       OPERATION
          ID of the workload identity pool provider key operation or fully
          qualified identifier for the workload identity pool provider key
          operation. To set the operation attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line.

          This positional argument must be specified if any of the other
          arguments in this group are specified.

       --key=KEY
          The ID for the key, which becomes the final component of the resource
          name. This value must be 4-32 characters, and may contain the
          characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by Google,
          and may not be specified.

          To set the key attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --key on the command line.

       --location=LOCATION
          The location name. To set the location attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --location on the command line.

       --provider=PROVIDER
          The ID for the provider, which becomes the final component of the
          resource name. This value must be 4-32 characters, and may contain
          the characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by
          Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the provider attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --provider on the command line.

       --workload-identity-pool=WORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL
          The ID to use for the pool, which becomes the final component of the
          resource name. This value should be 4-32 characters, and may contain
          the characters [a-z0-9-]. The prefix gcp- is reserved for use by
          Google, and may not be specified.

          To set the workload-identity-pool attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument operation on the command line with a fully
            specified name;
          ▸ provide the argument --workload-identity-pool on the command
            line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the iam/v1 API. The full documentation for this API can
    be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/
