NAME
    gcloud beta firestore indexes composite describe - describe the given
        composite index

SYNOPSIS
    gcloud beta firestore indexes composite describe INDEX
        [GCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG ...]

DESCRIPTION
    (BETA) Describe the given composite index.

EXAMPLES
    The following command describes the composite index with ID 3421ef:

        $ gcloud beta firestore indexes composite describe 3421ef

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
     Composite index resource - Index to describe. This represents a Cloud
     resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
     can be set in other ways. To set the project attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument index on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ set the property core/project;
      ◆ provide the argument --project on the command line. To set the
        database attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument index on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument [--database] on the command line (currently
        '(default)' is the only supported value). To set the collection-group
        attribute:
      ◆ provide the argument index on the command line with a fully specified
        name;
      ◆ provide the argument [--collection-group] on the command line.

     This must be specified.

       INDEX
          ID of the composite index or fully qualified identifier for the
          composite index. To set the index attribute:
          ▸ provide the argument index on the command line.

GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS
    These flags are available to all commands: --access-token-file, --account,
    --billing-project, --configuration, --flags-file, --flatten, --format,
    --help, --impersonate-service-account, --log-http, --project, --quiet,
    --trace-token, --user-output-enabled, --verbosity.

    Run $ gcloud help for details.

API REFERENCE
    This command uses the firestore/v1 API. The full documentation for this API
    can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/firestore

NOTES
    This command is currently in beta and might change without notice. These
    variants are also available:

        $ gcloud firestore indexes composite describe

        $ gcloud alpha firestore indexes composite describe

